

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-20-031078
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20201013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20201013
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		201236572
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-888-6444
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

&#9746;
ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
June 30
 2020



&#9744;
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from _________ to __________

Commission
File Number&nbsp;

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

Incorporation
    or Organization)
    
Identification
    No.)

    
    
    

520
                                         White Plains Road-Suite 500
Tarrytown
        New York
    
    

(Address
    of Principal Executive Offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted&nbsp;pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files. 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    

    
    
Emerging
    growth company
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Trading
    Symbol(s)
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    
    
    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:



    

(Title
    of Class)




    

(Title
    of Class)


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of December 31
 2019: $9
690
126.

As
of October 12
 2020
 the issuer had 65
044
297 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 par value $0.001 per share.




    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

PART
    I

    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    

    
    
    

PART
    II

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

PART
    III

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV

    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    




    
    


PART
I

Forward-Looking
Information

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions
 technological developments related to
business support services and outsourced business processes
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible
to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control.

Although
we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate
and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate.
In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the
current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person
that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings
&ldquo;Business
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;

ITEM
1. BUSINESS

Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Nightfood&rdquo;) is a Nevada corporation
organized on October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation (&ldquo;Nightfood&rdquo;)
from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson. All of our operations are conducted by our Subsidiaries (Nightfood
 Inc. and MJ Munchies
Inc.)

Nightfood
is in the business of manufacturing
 marketing and distributing snacks specially formulated and promoted for evening consumption.
A large number of Americans snack at night
 and the most common options tend to be high in sugar
 fat
 sodium
 and calories; such
snacks can impair sleep quality and also impair health in general. Management believes that our products are unique in the food
industry and that there is a substantial market for nighttime specific snacks that are formulated with better sleep in mind. Our
corporate address is 520 White Plains Road &ndash; Suite 500
 Tarrytown
 New York 10591 and our telephone number is 888-888-6444.
We maintain a web site at www.Nightfood.com
 along with many additional web properties. Any information that may appear on our
web site should not be deemed to be a part of this report.

On
January 3
 2018
 the Registrant formed a new wholly-owned subsidiary to capitalize on opportunities in the marijuana and cbd edibles
space. MJ Munchies
 Inc. (&ldquo;Munchies&rdquo;) was formed as a Nevada corporation with a capital structure of 10
000 shares
of common stock. Since formation
 Munchies has built an intellectual property portfolio that includes a registered trademark for
&ldquo;Half-Baked&rdquo; in the State of California relating to marijuana edibles
 two pending federal trademark applications
with the USPTO for &ldquo;Half-Baked&rdquo; relating to packaged snacks
 and beverages
 respectively. The Registrant also acquired
the HalfBaked.com domain
 and several other related domain names and IP assets.

Industry Overview

We
are an early-stage company that is seeking to establish a market within the snack industry by offering a line of snack foods that
are specifically formulated for evening consumption. It is estimated that American consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on
snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime
snack choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo;
options
 such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips
 pretzels
 and popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.



    
    


Our
Products
 Present and Proposed

Nightfood
Holdings runs two distinct operating companies
 each serving a different market segment with different products.

MJ
Munchies
 Inc.

MJ
Munchies
 Inc. is a Nevada corporation formed in January of 2018 to exploit legally compliant opportunities in the CBD and marijuana
edibles and related spaces. The Company intends to market some of these new products under the brand name &ldquo;Half-Baked&rdquo;.
This subsidiary was created during the three months ended March 31
 2018 and its operations have a nominal impact on the financial
statements contained herein.

Since
inception
 MJ Munchies has applied for U.S. Trademark protection for a brand of Half-Baked snacks. MJ Munchies also acquired HalfBaked.com.
In April
 2018
 MJ Munchies entered into an initial brand licensing agreement for the Half-Baked mark with a licensed manufacturer
of THC-infused edibles in the State of California under which
 the licensee manufactured and distributed a small pilot run of
Half-Baked branded THC-infused cookies in California. Management continues to seek a suitable licensing partner for the intellectual
property the Company has secured.

The
Company believes significant opportunities will exist to launch successful and legally compliant products in this space
 and that
such opportunities will continue to grow over time. No assurance can be given that we will begin actual production of products
using the Half-Baked trademark. Even if production begins
 we can neither assure market acceptance of our products nor that said
snacks
 perhaps including THC infused edibles
 will not face ongoing legal challenges.

Nightfood
Inc.

Nightfood
Inc. is a snack company focused on manufacturing and distribution of snacks is formulated to be more appropriate for nighttime
consumption. Nightfood ice cream was formulated by sleep and nutrition experts to satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
more sleep-friendly way.

Nightfood
ice cream was originally manufactured in eight flavors. These are Full Moon Vanilla
 Midnight Chocolate
 Cold Brew Decaf
 After
Dinner Mint Chip
 Milk &amp; Cookie Dough
 Cherry Eclipse
 Bed and Breakfast
 and Cookies n&rsquo; Dreams. Additional flavors
have been developed
 both dairy
 and non-dairy
 for future introduction in 2020 based on retailer and consumer demand.

In
February of 2020
 Nightfood secured the endorsement of the American Pregnancy Association. With ice cream being the most widely
reported pregnancy craving
 and with pickles being another food notorious for pregnancy cravings
 the Company manufactured and
launched a ninth flavor
 Pickles For Two.

Management
believes consumer demand exists for better nighttime snacking options
 and that a new consumer category consisting of nighttime
specific snacks will emerge in the coming years. This belief is supported by research from major consumer goods research firms
such as IRI Worldwide
 and Mintel
 who identified nighttime specific foods and beverages as one of the &ldquo;most compelling
and category changing trends&rdquo; for 2017 and beyond. In recent years
 CEO&rsquo;s and other executives from major consumer
goods conglomerates such as Nestle
 PepsiCo
 Mondelez
 and Kellogg&rsquo;s have commented on consumer nighttime snack habits and
the opportunity that exists in solving this problem for the marketplace.

It
is estimated that over $50 billion is spent annually in the United States on snacks that are consumed between dinner and bed.
Company Management believes that a significant percentage of that consumer spend could move from conventional snacks to nighttime
specific snacks in coming years.

Nightfood
has established a Scientific Advisory Board consisting of sleep and nutrition experts to drive product formulation decisions
and provide consumer confidence in the brand promise. The first member of this advisory board was Dr. Michael Grandner
 Director
of the Sleep and Health Research Program at the University of Arizona. Dr. Grandner has been conducting research on the link between
nutrition and sleep for over ten years
 and he believes improved nighttime nutritional choices can improve sleep
 resulting in
many short and long-term health benefits. In March of 2018
 the Company added Dr. Michael Breus to their Scientific Advisory Board.
Breus
 known to millions as The Sleep Doctor&trade;
 is believed to be the Nation&rsquo;s most trusted authority on sleep. He
regularly appears in the national media to educate and inform consumers so they can sleep better and lead happier
 healthier
more productive lives. In July
 2018
 we completed our Scientific Advisory Board with the addition of Lauren Broch
 Ph.D
 M.S.
Dr. Broch is a sleep therapist and former Director of Education &amp; Training at the Sleep-Wake Disorders Center at Weill Cornell
Medical College. Uniquely
 Dr. Broch also has a master&rsquo;s degree in human nutrition. This unique combination allowed her
to play an important role in the reformulation of our nutrition bars
 and the development of Nightfood ice cream. These experts
work with Company management to ensure Nightfood products deliver on their nighttime-appropriate
 and sleep-friendly promises.



    
    




To
date
 we have utilized contract manufacturers for producing our products
 packaging for our products
 and 3rd party logistics
for warehousing and order fulfillment. Our current ice cream co-packer has confirmed available capacity to manufacture approximately
400
000 pints of Nightfood ice cream monthly. Management has had initial conversations with other manufacturing facilities to
establish additional production capacity. When it becomes necessary
 we do not anticipate adding additional capacity through another
facility to be a problem.

Marketing
and Distribution

Nightfood
ice cream is currently available in approximately 750 supermarket locations. These include chains such as Harris Teeter (a division
of Kroger)
 Shaws and Star Markets (a division of Albertsons)
 Jewel-Osco (also a division of Albertsons
 Lowes Foods
 Rouses
Markets
 and Central Market (a division of H-E-B). The product line has garnered extensive media interest
 including coverage
from outlets such as Oprah Magazine
 USA Today
 The Wall Street Journal
 The Washington Post
 The Food Network
 The Today Show
Rachael Ray
 and more. Consumers seem very enthusiastic about the prospect of a sleep-friendly ice cream.

Management
is working with our retail partners on various marketing and promotional campaigns to drive trial and repeat purchase at the store
level. In addition
 marketing initiatives are aimed at both the mainstream consumer and the pregnancy community. Partnerships
and sponsorships have been secured and executed with Lamaze International
 Ovia Health
 the International Childbirth Education
Association
 and other influential pregnancy organizations and individuals.



The
nutritional/snack food business is highly competitive and includes such participants as large companies like Mondelez
 Nestle
S.A. and Quaker Oats and more specialized companies such as Cliff Bar
 Quest Nutrition and many smaller companies. Many of these
competitors have well established names and products. Nestle recently announced an interest in the nighttime snacking space with
the introduction of a candy-type product called GoodNight. We will initially compete based upon the unique nature of our product.
However
 other companies
 including those with greater name recognition than us and greater resources may seek to introduce products
that directly compete with our products. Management believes that if a competitor sought to develop a competing product
 it could
do so and begin to establish retail distribution in 12-24 months. Based on the current acquisition climate in the consumer goods
space
 Management believes that successful growth of the Nightfood ice cream line would likely bring acquisition offers from potential
competitors before it would actually bring competition on the shelf from those same potential competitors.

Intellectual
Property Rights

We
&rdquo; for the nutrition bar/snack/meal replacement category
 and
the ice cream category. We believe these marks will prove important and valuable to our business as we continue to pioneer the
development of a new category of snacks that support relaxation with a sleep-friendly nutritional profile
 specific to consumption
at night
 between dinner and bedtime. Additionally
 we own the domain Nightfood.com as well as many other relevant domains such
as late-night-snack.com
 nighttimesnack.com
 and nighttimesnacking.com
 as well as Nightfood.us
 Nightfood.net
 TryNightfood.com
GetNightfood.com
 NiteFood.com
 TryNightfood.com
 BuyNightfood.com
 NightSnacking.com
 and Night-Food.com. We also own the toll-free
number 888-888-NIGHT. We rely on proprietary information as to our formulas and have non-disclosure agreements with our suppliers.&nbsp;



    
    




Nightfood
has no employees. Our CEO
 Sean Folkson
 COO Jenny Mitchell
 and other key team members have consulting agreements with the Company.
Through vendor and consultant relationships
 Nightfood has dozens of personnel contributing to our operations and efforts on a
regular basis. Should we be successful in executing our business plan
 we anticipate potentially hiring employees at some point
to assist with various company functions. However
 we also expect to continue to strategically outsource significantly to accomplish
work that might otherwise be done by employees in a more traditional company.



Our
customers consist primarily of supermarkets and entities that distribute ice cream products to supermarkets and other retail outlets.
In FY 2020
 we had one customer that accounted for approximately 41% of our Gross Sales. Eight other customers each accounted
for between 3.7% and 9.7% of our Gross Sales. In FY 2019
 two customers made up over 10% of Gross Sales.

DEVELOPMENT
PLANS

Nightfood
has nine ice cream flavors already in ongoing production
 and an additional ten products have been developed or in late stages
of development
 these include additional flavors of Nightfood dairy-based ice cream as well as several flavors of non-dairy oat-based
ice cream. In addition
 Management believes the market exists for nighttime
 sleep-friendly snacks in other formats in addition
to ice cream pints. In addition to introduction of additional pint products
 including such possibilities as non-dairy and keto-friendly
versions of Nightfood pints
 future expansion could also include frozen novelties
 other popular nighttime snack formats
 as well
as sleep-friendly beverages Management has done preliminary research on CBD infused ice cream. Current FDA guidelines do not currently
permit CBD to be used as an additive in food. While some companies are manufacturing and distributing food products with CBD
industry reports indicate that major retailers have been avoiding those products due to current FDA regulations.

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

You
should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our business
 operations and financial condition. The occurrence
of any the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have had limited operations and require substantial additional funds to execute our business plan. 
and have not yet established significant traction in the marketplace. We generated Gross Sales of $879
842
 and Net Revenue of
$241
673 in the year ended June 30
 2020
 and Gross Sales of $363
565 and Net Revenues of $352
172 in the year ended June 30
2019. Unless we are able to continue to leverage our status as a public company into effective fundraising to fund our capital
requirements
 we will not be able to execute on our business plan and purchasers of our stock will be likely to lose their investment



    
    


Our
independent registered public accounting firm have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
a report on our financial statements for the years ended June 30
 2020 and June 30
 2019 from our independent registered public
accounting firm that includes an explanatory paragraph and a footnote stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern due to its losses and negative net worth. Inclusion of a &ldquo;going concern qualification&rdquo;
in the report of our independent accountants may have a negative impact on our ability to obtain financing and may adversely impact
our stock price in any market that may develop.

We
remain uncertain of our proposed products&rsquo; market acceptance. 
for evening consumption is a viable niche market with a potential for attractive returns for investors
 this belief is largely
based on preliminary sales and marketing data
 industry awards
 industry research
 and consumer feedback. If management is wrong
in its belief and there is an insufficient market for our products
 it is likely we will fail and investors will lose their investment.

Our
ability to hire additional personnel is important to the continued growth of our business. 
our ability to attract and retain a group of motivated marketing and business support professionals. Our growth may be limited
if we cannot recruit and retain a sufficient number of people. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to hire and retain a sufficient
number of qualified personnel.

We
may face substantial competition. 
both large conglomerates with substantial resources and smaller companies
 including new companies that might be formed with resources
similar to our own. Competitors may seek to duplicate the perceived benefits of our products in ways that do not infringe on any
proprietary rights that we can protect. As a result we could find that our entire marketing plan and business model is undercut
or made irrelevant by actions of other companies under which we have no control. We cannot promise that we can accomplish our
marketing goals and as a result may experience negative impact upon our operating results.

Our
success depends to a large extent upon the continued service of key managerial personnel and our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel.
 we are highly dependent on the ability and experience of our key team member
 Sean Folkson
our president and CEO. We have a consulting agreement with Mr. Folkson. The loss of Mr. Folkson would present a significant setback
for us and could impede the implementation of our business plan. There is no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring
and retaining qualified personnel to execute our current plan of operations.

The
ability of our officer to control our business will limit minority shareholders&rsquo; ability to influence corporate affairs
As of the date of this report
 our president
 Sean Folkson
 owned 16
753
568 shares (directly and through trusts
 including 2
680
000
million shares owned by a trust controlled by Mr. Folkson&rsquo;s wife. (Mr. Folkson disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares).
&nbsp; In addition to his ownership of the common stock
 Mr. Folkson owns 1
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (&ldquo;A
Stock&rdquo;) which votes with the common stock and has an aggregate of 100
000
000 votes. Accordingly
 Mr. Folkson controls the
majority of the voting power in the Company. Because of his stock ownership
 Mr. Folkson will be in a position to continue to
elect our board of directors
 decide all matters requiring stockholder approval and determine our policies. The interests of our
president may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares
 business transactions with
or sales to other companies
 selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders would
have no way of overriding decisions made by our president. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market
value of our shares because he may institute or undertake transactions
 policies or programs that result in losses
 may not take
any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/ or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly
decrease our price per share.


    
    


If
we do not receive additional financing
 we will not be able to execute our planned expansion. 
we believe we will require approximately $1
500
000 - $2
500
000 in debt or equity financing to affect a planned expansion of
our operations and roll out Nightfood ice cream. Management believes that it will be able to raise the required funds
 however
this may not prove to be the case. As of June 30
 2020
 we had $2
935

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION &ndash; Liquidity

The
full impact of Coronavirus (COVID) remains unknown.
and the resulting impact on the economy. Some of these reported changes include fewer supermarket visits
 consumer reliance on
legacy brands in lieu of trying new branded offerings
 and increases in at-home snacking.

To
date
 we have experienced minor issues regarding supply chain and logistics. Order processing function has been perfectly normal
to date
 and our manufacturers have assured us that their operations are mostly &ldquo;business as usual&rdquo; as of the time
of this filing.&nbsp;&nbsp;

We
may be exposed to potential risks resulting from new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 we are required to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. Management has assessed our internal controls
over financial reporting and has identified several areas that require improvement
 which are being addressed.

We
do not have a sufficient number of employees and consultants to segregate responsibilities and are presently unable to afford
increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees
 and this may impair our
ability to effectively comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
on our CEO
 Sean Folkson to perform all executive functions. Accordingly
 we cannot segregate duties to provide sufficient review
of our financial activity. During the course of our testing of our financial procedures
 we may identify other deficiencies that
we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements
of Section 404. In addition
 if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls
 as such standards are modified
supplemented or amended from time to time
 we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have
effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover
 effective
internal controls
 particularly those related to revenue recognition
 are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports
and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our business
and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and the trading
price of our common stock could drop significantly. Our officers&rsquo; lack of experience in accounting and financial matters
may make our efforts to comply more difficult and cause us to hire consultants to assist him cutting into our resources.

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company. 
 we qualify
as an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as a company is deemed to be an emerging growth
company
 it may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other regulatory requirements that are generally unavailable
to other public companies. These provisions include:



    
    
a
    requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management&rsquo;s Discussion
    and Analysis included in an initial public offering registration statement;




    
    
an
    exemption to provide less than five years of selected financial data in an initial public offering registration statement;




    
    
an
    exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company&rsquo;s internal controls
    over financial reporting;




    
    
an
    exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies;




    
    
an
    exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory
    audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor&rsquo;s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional
    information about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer; and




    
    
reduced
    disclosure about the emerging growth company&rsquo;s executive compensation arrangements.




    
    


An
emerging growth company is also exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley which requires that the registered accounting firm
shall
 in the same report
 attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures
for financial reporting. Similarly
 as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting until such time as we cease being a Smaller Reporting Company.

As
an emerging growth company
 we are exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the
shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes.

Section
107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an emerging growth
company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.

We
would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of:



    
    
In
    our fiscal year ended June 30
 2021





    
    
the
    first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are $1 billion or more





    
    
the
    date on which we have
 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities
    or




    
    
as
    of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as
    of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year.


Risks
Related to Our Common Stock

Commencing
August 21
 2015 we began trading under the Symbol NGTF on the OTC Markets. There had been very little trading activity of our
stock for some time. In April of 2017
 the Company listing moved to the OTCQB
 and in August of 2017 an investor awareness campaign
was initiated to communicate news of recent company developments and milestones to a broader range of stock market investors.
On October 23
 2017
 we were advised that our stock had been moved from the OTCQB to the OTCPink marketplace. The Company did
not believe the change in OTC Market tiers had any material positive or negative impact on Company operations or the stock price.
However
 in January
 2019
 we determined that it was in the interest of our shareholders to be on the OTCQB and were reinstated
on February 11
 2019. Trading volume has increased significantly in the last eighteen months
 but there can be no assurances that
it will be maintained. Our stock is likely to continue to be subject to significant price fluctuations.

In
addition
 our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts
 and there may be few institutions acting as market
makers for the common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock.
Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock
 if ever
 the price at which it
trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced
by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors
 investor perception
 and general economic and
market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common
stock. Because of the anticipated low price of the securities
 many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions
in these securities. Any purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will likely be
subject to the penny stock restrictions.&rdquo;

Our
board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock
 which may have rights and preferences detrimental to the
rights of the holders of our common shares.
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par
value. On July 11
 2018
 we filed a Certificated of Designation for a class of preferred stock designated Class A Super Voting
Preferred Stock (&ldquo;A Stock&rdquo;). There are 10
000 shares of A Stock designated. Each share of such stock shall vote with
the common stock and have 100
000 votes. A Stock has no conversion
 dividend or liquidation rights. Accordingly
 the holders of
A Stock will
 by reason of their voting power be able to control the affairs of the Registrant. The foregoing is only a summary
of the certificate of designation for the A Stock
 which has been filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
July 17
 2018. We have issued 1
000 shares of A Stock to Sean Folkson
 giving him 100
000
000 votes in all matters requiring a
vote of holders of our Common Stock and effective voting control over our affairs. As of the date of this report
 no further shares
of preferred stock have been issued outside of the initial 1
000 shares issued to Mr. Folkson and we have no plans at this time
to issue further shares or our preferred stock. Our preferred stock may bear such rights and preferences
 including dividend and
liquidation preferences
 as the Board of Directors may fix and determine from time to time. Any such preferences may operate to
the detriment of the rights of the holders of the common stock being offered hereby.



    
    


Our
articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that
may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the
benefit of officers and/or directors. 
of our directors
 officers
 employees
 and agents
 under certain circumstances
 against attorney&rsquo;s fees and other expenses
incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf.
This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us
 which we will be unable to recoup.

We
have been advised that
 in the opinion of the SEC
 indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is
 therefore
 unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against these types of liabilities
 other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director
 officer or controlling
person in the successful defense of any action
 suit or proceeding
 is asserted by a director
 officer or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered
 we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel
 the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
 the question whether indemnification by us is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating
to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity
 either of these
factors would likely materially reduce the market and price for our shares
 if such a market ever develops.

Any
market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions that are likely to create a
lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible. 
NASDAQ system
 if ever
 the trading of our securities
 if any
 will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred
to as the OTCBB as maintained by OTCMarkets.com. As a result
 an investor may find it difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the price of our securities.

SEC
Rule 15g-9 (as most recently amended and effective on September 12
 2005) establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo;
for purposes relevant to us
 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to a limited number of exceptions. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be
penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects the market liquidity for
our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer
approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written
agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In
order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must obtain financial information
and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks
are suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 sets forth:



    
    
the
    basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination
 and




    
    
that
    the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.


Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and
remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

Because
of these regulations
 broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or
may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders
or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if
and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may decrease
 with a corresponding
decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable
future and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
 find it difficult to sell their securities. Recently
 several brokerage firms
and clearing firms have adopted special &ldquo;house rules&rdquo; which make it more difficult for their customers to hold or
trade low priced stock and these rules may make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their stock.



    
    


We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 
no plans for paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain earnings
 if any
 to provide
funds for the implementation of our business plan. We do not intend to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Therefore
 there can be no assurance that holders of our common stock will receive any additional cash
 stock or other dividends
on their shares of our common stock until we have funds which the Board of Directors determines can be allocated to dividends.

If
a market develops for our shares
 sales of our shares relying upon rule 144 may depress prices in that market by a material amount
16
753
568 of the outstanding shares of our common stock are &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; within the meaning of Rule
144 under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. As restricted shares
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective
registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and
as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities
for a prescribed period may
 under certain conditions
 sell their shares as a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective
on or about February 15
 2008
 there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e.
a stockholder who has not been an officer
 director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities
have been held by the owner for a period of six months. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act
 if available
or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders
 may have a depressive effect upon the price of
the common stock in any market that may develop.

Any
trading market that may develop may be restricted by virtue of state securities &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws to the extent they
prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell
shares in those states. Although trading activity in our stock has increased recently
 generally t
market for our common stock
 and there can be no assurance that an active and regular public market will develop in the foreseeable
future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by
various states and foreign jurisdictions
 commonly referred to as &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws. Absent compliance with such individual
state laws
 our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because our securities have not been registered for resale
under the &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any
trading market that might develop in the future
 should be aware that there may be significant state &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; law
restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions
prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Accordingly
 investors should consider the secondary market for our securities
to be a limited one.&nbsp;

Recent
issuances of convertible promissory notes may have a negative impact on the trading prices of our common stock.
in March 2017
 we have entered into $7
363
103 principal amount of promissory notes with various lenders since our inception of
which $2
935
400 was outstanding as of June 30
 2020. These notes are convertible six to twelve months after issuance into free
trading shares of our common stock
 with certain limitations
 at conversion prices below the then market price of our common stock.
These notes have been converted on a continual basis for approximately 36 months. It is possible such conversions and that future
conversions of these notes have and can have a negative effect on the market for our common stock and may cause dilution to our
common stockholders.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

Description
of Property

We
currently store our inventory in third party warehouses and fulfillment centers. We believe that our operating procedures are
adequate for our current needs and that alternative similar or additional space could be found at similar cost should the need
arise.&nbsp;

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There
are no current
 past
 pending or threatened legal proceedings or administrative actions either by or against the issuer that could
have a material effect on the issuer&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 or operations.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET
INFORMATION

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Market under the symbol NGTF.

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as
reported by the OTCMarkets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

The
last reported price was $0.1461 on October 12
 2020.



Period
    Ending June 30
 2020
    
    

September
    30
 2019
    
    

December 31
 2019
    
    

March 31
 2020
    
    

June 30
 2020
    
    

    
    
    

Period
    Ending June 30
 2019:
    
    

September 30
 2018
    
    

December 31
 2018
    
    

March 31
 2019
    
    

June 30
 2019
    
    




The
approximate number of stockholders of record at June 30
 2020 was 210
 and as of October 12
 2020 it was 209. The number of
stockholders of record does not include beneficial owners of our common stock
 whose shares are held in the names of various dealers
clearing agencies
 banks
 brokers and other fiduciaries. The Company ordered a &ldquo;NOBO list&rdquo; report in February 2020
from Broadridge Financial Solutions. The list showed that there were 5
048 unique beneficial owners of NGTF stock as of February
2020.&nbsp;

DIVIDEND
POLICY

No
dividends have ever been declared by the Board of Directors on our common stock. Our losses do not currently indicate the ability
to pay any cash dividends
 and we do not have the intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.



    
    


RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

In
the year ending June 30
 2020
 no shares were issued to any investor for cash. In the year ending June 30
 2019
 84
389 shares
were issued to an investor for $50
000 in caseh (at $.59 per share). No underwriter participated in the foregoing transactions
and no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
 nor was any general solicitation or general advertising conducted. The
securities bear a restrictive legend and stop transfer instructions are noted on our stock transfer records. These shares were
issued in offerings under Regulation D promulgated under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. &nbsp;In the
year ended June 30
 2020
 the company also compensated vendors and consultants with 1
385
990 shares in lieu of payment of $308
768
along with the issuance of 580
666 shares in lieu of interest payments of $88
762. These issuances were exempt from registration
under section 4(1) of the Securities Act as sales by an issuer not involving a public offering. During the year ended June 30
2019
 the company compensated vendors and consultants with 483
808 shares in lieu of payment of $345
656
 along with the issuance
of 667
959 shares in lieu of interest payments of $95
805.

During
the year ended June 30
 2020
 we issued 6
056
168 shares of common stock as consideration for the conversion of debt with a fair
value of $961
000 to one investment entity. These issuances were exempt from registration under Section 4 (1) of the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended
 as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering.&nbsp; During the year ended June 30
2019
 the Company issued 281
957 shares for certain accounts payable liabilities valued at $63
850 and issued 400
000 shares of
stock related to Mr. Folkson executing warrants valued at $120
000. These issuances were exempt from registration under Section
4 (1) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering.&nbsp;

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS.

As
of June 30
 2020 and 2019
 we had no compensation plans under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance.

PENNY
STOCK REGULATION

Shares
of our common stock have been and will likely continue to be subject to rules adopted the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in &ldquo;penny stocks.&rdquo; Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less
than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system
 provided
that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is provided by the exchange or system).
The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC
 which contains the following:



    
    
a description of
    the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;

    
    
    

    
    
a description of
    the broker&rsquo;s or dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with
    respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities&rsquo; laws;

    
    
    

    
    
a brief
 clear
    narrative description of a dealer market
 including &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; prices for penny stocks and the
    significance of the spread between the &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; price;

    
    
    

    
    
a toll-free telephone
    number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;

    
    
    

    
    
definitions of significant
    terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of&nbsp;&nbsp;trading in penny stocks; and

    
    
    

    
    
such other information
    and is in such form (including language
 type
 size and format)
 as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.


Prior
to effecting any transaction in penny stock
 the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following:



    
    
the bid and offer
    quotations for the penny stock;

    
    
    

    
    
the compensation
    of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;

    
    
    

    
    
the number of shares
    to which such bid and ask prices apply
 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market
    for such stock; and

    
    
    

    
    
monthly account
    statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account.


In
addition
 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
 the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser&rsquo;s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have
the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules.
Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common stock will probably be subject
to the penny stock rules.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.



    
    


ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon
 and should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.



We
caution you that reliance on any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties
 and that although we believe the
assumptions on which our forward-looking statements are based are reasonable
 any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate
and as a result
 the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions could be incorrect. In light of these and other uncertainties
you should not conclude that we will necessarily achieve any plans and objectives or projected financial results referred to in
any of the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements
to reflect future events or circumstances. Some of the factors that may cause actual results
 developments and business decisions
to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include the following:

We
are a snack development
 marketing and distribution company relying on our unique products
 positioning
 and team to develop and
market nutritional/snack foods that are appropriate for evening snacking.

Our
first product was the Nightfood nutrition bar
 manufactured in two flavors (Cookies n&rsquo; Dreams
 and Midnight Chocolate Crunch).
 half of calendar
2019 to ensure additional resources available for the ice cream rollout
 which Management believes offers a larger and more compelling
market opportunity.

Management
does envision the Nightfood brand ultimately as a &ldquo;platform brand&rdquo;
 meaning future offerings would not necessarily
all remain within the ice cream category. Possibilities exist to expand the product line into additional snack formats that are
popular with consumers at night
 including things like cookies
 chips
 and other formats. Additionally
 future reintroduction
of the Nightfood nutrition bar also remains a possibility.

During
calendar 2018
 the Company began development of Nightfood ice cream. Having seen the success in the marketplace of &ldquo;better-for-you&rdquo;
ice cream brands such as Halo Top
 Enlightened
 and others
 Management believes consumers will be receptive to a line of ice cream
that has some similar nutritional benefits to those newly successful brands
 in addition to a sleep-friendly nutritional profile
that is more appropriate for nighttime consumption.

With
our team of sleep experts
 and a leading ice cream research and development team
 eight flavors of Nightfood ice cream were developed
and bought to market
 with the initial production run occurring in January 2019. Nightfood is unique among all other known products
in the market in that our ice cream was developed with better sleep in mind. Knowing millions of Americans eat ice cream before
bed on any given night
 Management tasked our team of sleep and nutrition experts with formulating an ice cream that would be
more appropriate for nighttime consumption
 while delivering better taste and texture than what is currently found in the other
&ldquo;better-for-you&rdquo; brands.

Compared
to regular ice cream
 Nightfood is formulated with less fat
 less sugar
 fewer calories
 plus certain minerals
 digestive enzymes
and amino acids recommended by our sleep experts.

In
early February of 2019
 it was announced that Nightfood had won the 2019 Product of the Year Award in the ice cream category in
a Kantar innovation survey of over 40
000 consumers. In June of 2019
 it was announced that Nightfood won both the Best New Ice
Cream and Best New Dairy Dessert awards at the World Dairy Innovation Awards.

Nightfood
has secured distribution in divisions of some of the largest supermarket chains in the country
 and has received media coverage
in outlets such as The Today Show
 Oprah Magazine
 The Rachael Ray Show
 Food Network Magazine
 The Wall Street Journal
 USA Today
The Washington Post
 Fox Business News
 and many more media outlets.



    
    


We
believe that over the next several years
 a subset of consumers will shift their night snacking behavior towards snacks that are
formulated to be more &ldquo;sleep friendly&rdquo; compared to what is currently being consumed by much of the population. As
research continues to explore the links between nutrition and sleep
 and consumers continue to seek healthier snacks in general
we expect a &ldquo;nighttime nutrition&rdquo; or &ldquo;sleep-friendly snacking&rdquo; category to emerge within the marketplace.

American
consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. A majority of adults
are trying to eat foods and snacks that they understand will prevent or manage health problems and 37% of consumers are willing
to pay more for foods with perceived health benefits. Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime snack
choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo; options
such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips
 pretzels
 and popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.

In
addition to consumer research giants Mintel and IRI supporting the idea that night-specific snacks represented an opportunity
for growth and innovation within the snack space
 major consumer goods companies such as Nestle have also recently indicated they
believe there&rsquo;s an emerging consumer need for snacks specifically for consumption before bed
 and Pepsi announced in September
of 2020 that they intend to launch a new nighttime relaxation beverage called Driftwell.

Management
believes interest in the space from global food and beverage companies such as Nestle and PepsiCo represents early validation
for the category concept. While Management continues to iterate on products
 distribution
 and marketing
 the team steadfastly
believes that nighttime nutrition is a billion dollar category in the making. Management believes the Nightfood brand can be the
pioneer and the leading brand in the night snacking category.

DEVELOPMENT
PLANS

With
Nightfood ice cream currently available in divisions of some of the largest supermarket chains in the United States
 Management
is working to simultaneously secure additional distribution opportunities
 while also nurturing revenue growth and consumer growth
in our existing points of distribution.

During
the course of calendar 2019
 additional distribution relationships were established with regional ice cream distributors and non-traditional
retailers
 with varying degrees of success. Management will continue to work within the industry to identify opportunities to
grow the Nightfood brand. In the future
 outlets such as hotels
 college campus bookstores
 and other non-traditional outlets
could develop into relevant elements of our distribution mix as the brand continues to grow awareness and distribution infrastructure.



    
    




Inflation
can be expected to have an impact on our operating costs. A prolonged period of inflation could cause a general economic downturn
and negatively impact our results. However
 the effect of inflation has been minimal over the past three years.



We
do not believe that our business will be seasonal to any material degree.

CORONAVIRUS
(COVID-19)

The
outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19)
 including the measures to reduce its spread
 and the impact on the economy
 cannot
fully be predicted. Early indications are that there are somewhat offsetting factors relating to the impact on our Company. Industry
data shows that supermarket sales remain up
 with more people spending more time at home. Anecdotally and statistically
 snacking
activity is also up. And
 industry sales data also shows ice cream as one of the categories experiencing the largest increase
with year over year growth averaging over 30% through a series of five one-week periods between March 15 and April 12
 2020 according
to IRI data.

The
offsetting factors are the impact of the virus on the overall economy. Greater unemployment
 recession
 and other possible unforeseen
factors could also have an impact. Research indicates that consumers are less likely to try new brands during economic recession
and stress
 returning to value and legacy brands.

With
consumers generally making fewer shopping trips
 while buying more on those occasions and reverting back to more familiar brands
certain brand-launch marketing tactics
 such as in-store displays and product sampling
 are either impaired or impermissible.
So
 while overall night snacking demand is up
 and consumer need/desire for better sleep is also stronger
 driving consumer trial
and adoption has been more difficult and expensive during these circumstances.

From
both public statements
 and recent exploratory meetings conducted between Nightfood Management and certain global food and
beverage conglomerates
 it has been affirmed to Management that there is increased strategic interest in the nighttime
nutrition space as a potential high-growth opportunity due to recent declines in consumer sleep quality and increases in
at-home nighttime snacking.

We
have experienced no issues with supply chain or logistics. Order processing function has been perfectly normal to date
 and our
manufacturers have assured us that their operations are &ldquo;business as usual&rdquo; as of the time of this filing.

While
the virus temporarily disrupted the category review schedules and sell-in process for certain supermarket decision-makers during
the spring and early summer
 most major accounts seem to be back on schedule and are conducting business as usual with regard
to review cycles. Meetings are now conducted virtually
 and product samples are shipped to decision-makers. While some retailers
told us they were limiting new item additions due to changes in consumer shopping behavior
 others have confirmed that they view
the increase in at-home entertainment and night snacking as a plus for Nightfood products.

It
is possible that the fallout from the pandemic could make it more difficult in the future for the Company to access required growth
capital
 possibly rendering us unable to meet certain debts and expenses.

It
is impossible to know what the future holds with regard to the virus
 both for our company and in the broader sense. There are
many uncertainties regarding the current coronavirus pandemic
 and the Company is closely monitoring the impact of the pandemic
on all aspects of its business
 including how it will impact its customers
 vendors
 and business partners. It is difficult to
know if the pandemic has materially impacted the results of operations
 and we are unable to predict the impact that COVID-19
will have on our financial position and operating results due to numerous uncertainties. The Company expects to continue to assess
the evolving impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and intends to make adjustments accordingly
 if necessary.



    
    



Critical
Accounting Policies&nbsp;

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses.
On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to uncollectible receivables
 inventory valuation
 deferred
compensation
 fair valve of derivative liabilities and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical performance and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates allow us to make judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.

We
believe the following accounting policies are our critical accounting policies because they are important to the portrayal of
our financial condition and results of operations and they require critical management judgments and estimates about matters that
may be uncertain. If actual results or events differ materially from those contemplated by us in making these estimates
 our reported
financial condition and results of operations for future periods could be materially affected.

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

Fiscal
Year ended June 30
 2020 Compared to Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2019

Revenue


During
the year ended June 30
 2020
 the Company sold approximately 260
000 pints of ice cream compared to approximately 63
000 pints
in the prior year
 representing volume growth on ice cream pints of over 300%.For the year ended June 30
 2020
 we had Net Revenues
of $241
673 on Gross Sales of $878
849 compared to the year ended June 30
 2019 when we had Net Revenues of $352
172 on Gross
Sales of $363
565
 of which approximately $150
000 was related to sales of nutrition bars and approximately $205
000 was related
to sales of ice cream. While Gross Sales increased by 142%
 Net Revenue decreased 31% year over year. This is due to $637
176
in revenue reductions resulting from slotting fee arrangements and consumer promotion activity. Net Revenues are reported as Gross
Sales less Slotting Fees and other contra-revenue accounts such as those related to manufacturers coupons
 in-store specials (such
as 2 pints for $8)
 consumer rebate programs
 and more.

Slotting
fees are fees customarily charged to brands by supermarkets and distributors to add a new product line into their product assortment.
For the year ended June 30
 2020
 approximately $541
500 of Gross Sales were cancelled out due to slotting arrangements with retailers
and distributors.

In
situations where the Company has agreed to pay slotting and promotional fees to accounts (supermarkets
 distributors
 etc&hellip;)
the Gross Sales to those customers are reduced on the income statement by these amounts (along with other items
 such as early
payment discounts)
 dollar for dollar
 to arrive at a Net Revenue number. So
 when these customers order product to put on their
shelves and sell to consumers
 that revenue does not get booked even though the product is moving through the supply chain.



    
    


These
dollar for dollar reductions continue
 on a customer-by-customer basis
 for any and all sales to each slotting account until the
Gross Sales to these accounts exceed the total cost of these expenses
 at which time the remaining Gross Sales amounts are reported
as Net Revenue.

These
slotting fees and other promotional expenses do not appear on the income statement as an expense. Rather
 they are applied against
Gross Sales
 resulting in Net Revenue
 as shown below. The netting of Gross Sales against slotting and sales discounts
 as described
and shown below
 results in the Net Revenue number at the top of the income statement. This is not a reflection of the amount
of product sold by the Company and shipped to customers
 but rather a function of the way certain sales are accounted for when
those sales are made to customers who are charging slotting fees.

The
following tables summarize Gross Sales for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019. Net Revenues are net of slotting fees (a onetime
fee charged by supermarkets in order to have the product placed on their shelves) and other items mentioned above.



    
Year
    Ended June 30


    
    
    

    
878
849
363
565

    
    
    

Slotting
    fees
(541
500
    

Sales
    discounts and other reductions
(95
676
(11
373

Net
    Revenues
241
673
352
172


Operating
Expenses


June 30
 2020 were $2
723
875 compared to $2
263
722 for the year ended June 30
 2019. Cost of product sold was $472
131
 for
the year ended June 30
 2020 compared to $190
251 for the year ended June 30
 2019. This increase of 148% is due to the fact that
we sold almost 2.5x as much product to our supermarkets and distributors in Fiscal 2020 than in Fiscal 2019.

Our
income statement shows a decrease in &ldquo;Advertising and Promotional&rdquo; from $732
297 for the year ending June 30
 2019
to $403
639 for the year ending June 30
 2020. The Company booked approximately $194
800 in marketing and distribution partnerships
it determined would benefit operations for 2020 and beyond. Due to circumstances
 including the global coronavirus pandemic
 it
does not appear these certain distribution partnerships will be as beneficial to the Company as envisioned when entered. As a
result
 the Company is reporting amortization of intangible assets of $500
000 and a one-time impairment expense of $500
000 in
March of 2020. In April
 2020
 the Company successfully negotiated a Debt Incentive Agreement with a creditor to whom it owed
$731
118
 most of which is in conjunction with this impaired asset. This Debt Incentive Agreement provides for the elimination
of the entire debt should the Company make payments prior to December 1
 2020 totaling $166
224 in cash
 and approximately 4
000
pints of ice cream. Because this reduction in debt is conditional
 the full $731
118 is currently included in the liabilities
section of our balance sheet
 and full expense is reported on our income statement. Should the Company make the payments and retire
the debt successfully prior to December 1
 2020
 the Company would realize a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt of approximately $560
000
for fiscal 2021.&nbsp;

Selling
general and administrative expenses decreased to $406
072 for the year ending June 30
 2020 compared to $559
996 for the year
ending June 30
 2019. This includes items such as web hosting
 web marketing services
 freight
 warehousing
 shipping
 product
liability insurance
 travel
 and research &amp; development of new products. Professional fees decreased from $781
178 for the
year ending June 30
 2019 to $683
706 for the year ending June 30
 2020. This includes legal fees
 marketing consulting
 and accounting
and auditor fees.

For
the year ended June 30
 2020
 interest expense was $441
422 compared to the year ended June 30
 2019 when we reported interest
expense of $179
028. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 we recorded a loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion of $395
781
compared to the year ended June 30
 2019 when we recorded a loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion of $0. For the year
ended June 30
 2020
 we recorded a change in fair value of derivative liability of ($858
774) compared to the year ended June
30
 2019 when recorded a change in fair value of derivative liability of 712
627. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 we recorded
an amortization of beneficial conversion feature of $1
709
759 compared to the year ended June 30
 2019 when recorded an amortization
of beneficial conversion feature of $1
794
359. A significant portion of these losses recorded in both years stems from the accounting
treatment applied to financing activities.&nbsp;

Net
Loss

For
the year ended June 30
 2020
 we had a net loss of $4
412
063 compared to the year ended June 30
 2019 when we had a net loss
of $4
598
343. A significant portion of the losses recorded in both years stems from the accounting treatment applied to financing
activities. Operating losses for the year ended June 30
 2020 were $2
723
875 and $1
911
550 for the year ended June 30
 2019.



Our
customers consist primarily of supermarkets and entities that distribute ice cream products to supermarkets and other retail outlets.
In FY 2020
 we had one customer that accounted for approximately 41% of our Gross Sales. Eight other customers each accounted
for between 3.7% and 9.7% of our Gross Sales. In FY 2019
 two customers made up over 10% of Gross Sales.



During
the year ended June 30
 2020 one vendor accounted for more than 10% of our operating expenses. During the year ended June 30
2019
 two vendors accounted for more than 10% of our operating expenses.



    
    


LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

As
of June 30
 2020
 we had cash on hand of $197
622
 accounts receivable of $61
013
 and inventory value of $275
605. As of June
30
 2019
 we had cash on hand of $30
142
 accounts receivable of $45
086
 and inventory value of $406
439. The increase in accounts
receivable is due to an increase in overall sales activity relating to the expanded sales and distribution of Nightfood ice cream.
The decrease in inventory is due to production scheduling and inventory management. The Company has run multiple production runs
subsequent to June 30
 2020 and prior to the date of this filing to continue to meet customer demand
 and has additional production
planned on an ongoing basis to continue to replenish inventory as existing product is used to fulfill customer orders.

During
the year ended June 30
 2019
 we raised $50
000 through the private sale of our common stock. During the year period ended June
30
 2020
 there were no private sales of common stock recorded.

As
of June 30
 2020
 we had accounts payable of $1
286
149 compared to $496
809 on June 30
 2019. This increase is due primarily
to certain marketing partnerships
 slotting fees
 and inventory production. In April
 2020
 the Company successfully negotiated
a Debt Incentive Agreement with a creditor to whom it owed $731
118. This Debt Incentive Agreement provides for the elimination
of the entire debt should the Company make payments prior to December 1
 2020 totaling $166
224 in cash
 and approximately 4
000
pints of ice cream. Because this reduction in debt is conditional
 the full $731.118 is currently included in the liabilities
section of our balance sheet. Should the Company make the payments and retire the debt during calendar 2020
 the Company would
realize a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt of approximately $560
000 for Fiscal 2021.

GOING
CONCERN

Since
our inception
 we have sustained operating losses. During the year ended June 30
 2020
 we incurred a net loss of $4
412
063 and
had a total stockholders&rsquo; deficit of $4
481
147.

The
Company has limited available cash resources and we do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing working
capital needs as we continue to expand distribution. The Company is continuing to raise capital through private placement of our
common stock
 debt
 and the use of convertible debt to finance the Company&rsquo;s operations
 of which it can give no assurance
of success. However
 we believe that our current capitalization structure
 combined with the continued expansion of operations
will enable us to achieve successful financings to continue our growth.

Even
if the Company is successful in raising additional funds
 the Company cannot give any assurance that it will
 in the future
 be
able to achieve a level of profitability from the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

During
the year ended June 30
 2020
 net cash used in operating activities totaled $1
531
084 compared to $1
567
227 for the year ended
June 30
 2019

During
the year ended June 30
 2020 and
 there was an outflow of $333
333 as part of investing activities. During the year ended
2019 respectively
 there was not any net cash provided or expended relating to investing activities.&nbsp;

During
the year ended June 30
 2020
 net cash aggregating $2
031
897 was provided by financing activities
 which represents $2
028
000
from the issuance of convertible debt and $3
897 in new short-term debt related to a new line of credit the Company secured in
For
the year ended June 30
 2019
 net cash aggregating $1
548
928 was provided by financing activities
 which represents net proceeds
of $50
000 from private sales of our common stock including issuance of warrants
 $1
602
005 from the issuance of convertible
debt ($102
077 of which was used to repay older debt)
 and required principal payments of $1
000 of our bank loan.&nbsp;

From
our inception in January 2010 through June 30
 2020
 we have generated an accumulated deficit of approximately $17
631
122. Assuming
we raise additional funds and continue operations
 it is expected we would incur additional operating losses during the course
of fiscal 2021 and possibly thereafter. We plan to continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance
our operations
 as we have in the past
 primarily through the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing until
such time that we are able to generate sufficient funds from the sale of our products to finance our operations
 of which we can
give no assurance.&nbsp;

Funds
on hand are not sufficient to fund our operations and we intend to rely on debt and the sale of stock in private placements to
increase liquidity and
 we anticipate deriving additional revenue from product sales in fiscal 2021
 but we cannot at this time
quantify the amount. If we are unable to raise cash through the sale of our stock
 we may be required to severely restrict our
operations.


    
    


During
Fiscal Year 2020
 the Company entered into convertible promissory notes with one lender with principal totaling $2
148
400. We
consider our relationship with this lender to be excellent. They have been providing financing for operations for over thirty-six
months
 and have had conversion rights for over thirty-six months as well through acquisition of older debt. The lender has an
understanding of our capital needs for future operations
 although no assurances can be given that they will continue to provide
the necessary capital needed for national distribution.

Effective
May 6
 2015
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Sean Folkson. The agreement was retroactive to January 1st
2015. In exchange for services provided to the Company by Folkson
 the Company agreed to pay Folkson $6
000 monthly. This compensation
expense started accruing on January 1
 2015
 and accrued on a monthly basis through June of 2020.

In
June of 2018
 and again in June of 2019
 the Company entered into updated consulting agreements with Folkson
 which included a
modified compensation structure. Each new Consulting Agreement contained the identical cash compensation allowance of $6
000 monthly.
In addition
 Folkson would earn Warrants with a strike price of $.50 or $1 when the Company hit certain revenue milestones. All
Warrants earned under Folkson&rsquo;s current agreement would convert into restricted shares
 shall carry a cashless provision
and must be exercised within 90 days of the filing of the 10Q or 10K on which such revenues are reported.

In
December
 2017
 Folkson elected to purchase 80
000 warrants to acquire shares of NGTF stock with a strike price of $.20 and a
term of 36 months. To acquire these warrants Folkson paid $.15 per warrant
 totaling $12
000
 treated as a $12
000 reduction to
the amount owed to Folkson. In November
 2018
 Folkson exercised an existing warrant option and received 400
000 shares of our
common stock in exchange for a $120
000 reduction in the amount of accrued consulting fees he was owed. This activity resulted
in a decrease in related party accruals of $164
000.

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET TRANSACTIONS

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect
on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
or capital resources.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not
applicable.


    
    


ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The
financial statements required by Item 8 are presented in the following order:

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



Report of
    Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets&nbsp;as
    June 30
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of
    Operations for years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of
    Changes in Stockholders Deficit for years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of
    Cash Flows for years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Notes to&nbsp;Consolidated
    Financial Statements
    




    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

For
the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019




    
    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm




 Inc. and Subsidiaries




balance sheets of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of June 30
 2020 and 2019
and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended June 30
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;consolidated financial statements&rdquo;).
In our opinion
financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of the Company at June 30
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended June 30
 2020
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

The Company&rsquo;s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern


financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to
the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations
 will require additional
capital to fund its current operating plan
 and has an accumulated deficit that raise substantial doubt exists about the
Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans regarding these matters are also described
in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome
of this uncertainty.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.



    
    





 NY

 2020


    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS



    
June
    30

June
    30


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
197
622
30
142

Accounts
    receivable (net of allowance of $0 and $0
 respectively)
61
013
45
086

    
275
605
406
439

Other
    current assets
398
085
1
000

Total
    current assets
932
325
482
667

    
    
    

Total
    assets
932
325
482
667

    
    
    

LIABILITIES
    AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    payable
1
286
149
496
809

Accrued
    expense-related party
9
974
33
974

Accrued
    interest
192
625
    

Convertible
    notes payable-net of debt discounts and unamortized beneficial conversion feature
2
330
189
1
117
741

Fair value of derivative
    liabilities
1
590
638
1
306
748

Short-term
    borrowings- line of credit
3
897
    

Total
    current liabilities
5
413
472
2
955
272

    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies
    
    

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    deficit:
    
    

Preferred
    stock
 ($0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 and 1
000&nbsp;issued and outstanding as of June&nbsp;30
 2020 and
    2019
 respectively)
    
    

Common
    stock
 ($0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 and 61
796
680&nbsp;issued and outstanding as of June&nbsp;30
 2020
    and&nbsp;53
773
856 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2019
 respectively)
61
797
53
774

    
    
    

Additional
    paid in capital
13
088
177
10
692
679

Accumulated
    deficit
(17
631
122
(13
219
059

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; deficit
(4
481
147
(2
472
605

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
932
325
482
667


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



    
For
    the
For
    the

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
June
    30

June
    30


    
    
    

Revenues
    net of slotting and promotion
241
673
352
172

    
    
    

Operating
    expenses
    
    

Cost
    of product sold
472
131
190
251

Amortization
    of intangible assets
500
000
    

Impairment
    of intangible assets
500
000
    

Advertising
    and promotional
403
639
732
297

Selling
    general and administrative
406
072
559
996

Professional
    Fees
683
706
781
178

Total
    operating expenses
2
965
548
2
263
722

    
    
    

Loss
    from operations
(2
723
875
(1
911
550

    
    
    

Other
    expenses
    
    

Interest
    expense &ndash; bank debt
    
    

Interest
    expense &ndash; shareholder
281
387
95
805

Interest
    expense &ndash; other
159
572
83
223

Loss
    on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net
395
781
    

Change
    in fair value of derivative liability
(858
774
712
627

Amortization
    of Beneficial Conversion Feature
1
709
759
1
794
359

Other
    Expense
    
    

Total
    other expenses
1
688
188
2
686
793

    
    
    

Provision
    for income tax
    
    

    
    
    

Net
    loss
(4
412
063
(4
598
343

    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted
    average shares of capital outstanding &ndash; basic and diluted
57
443
347
47
827
114


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
Years
ended June 30
 2020 and 2019



    
Common
    Stock
Preferred
    Stock
    
    Paid-in
    
    
    Stockholders&rsquo;

    
    
Par
    Value
    
Par
    Value
    
    
    

Balance
    July 1
 2018
42
608
329
42
608
    
    
5
919
152
(8
620
714
(2
658
954

Common
    stock issued for services
483
808
    
1
000
    
345
172
    
345
657

Common
    stock issued for interest
667
959
    
    
    
95
137
    
95
805

Common
    stock issued for cash
84
389
    
    
    
49
916
    
50
000

Common
    stock issued for accounts payable
281
957
    
    
    
63
568
    
63
850

Issuance
    of warrants
400
000
    
    
    
164
426
    
164
826

Issuance
    of common stock for debt
9
247
414
9
248
    
    
1
318
705
    
1
327
953

Loss
    on fair value of shares issued upon note conversion
    
    
    
    
2
736
601
    
2
736
601

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
(4
598
343
(4
598
343

Balance
    June 30
 2019
53
773
856
53
774
1
000
    
10
692
677
(13
219
059
(2
472
605

Common
    stock issued for services
1
385
990
1
386
    
    
307
382
    
308
768

Common
    stock issued for interest
580
666
    
    
    
88
181
    
88
762

Issuance
    of common stock for debt
6
056
168
6
056
    
    
954
944
    
961
000

Issuance
    of warrants
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
67
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
67
990
    

Loss
    on fair value of shares issued upon notes conversion
    
    
    
    
977
000
    
977
000

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
(4
412
063
(4
412
063

Balance
    June&nbsp;&nbsp;30
 2020
61
796
680
61
797
1
000
    
13
088
177
(17
631
122
(4
481
147


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



    
    
For
    The
    Year 
    Ended
    June 30

    2020
    
    
For
    The
    Year 
    Ended
    June 30

    2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(4
412
063
    
    
    
(4
598
343
    

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
    used in operations activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
308
768
    
    
    
345
656
    

Amortization of debt
    discount and deferred financing fees
    
    
1
709
759
    
    
    
1
794
359
    

Amortization of intangible
    assets
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred financing
    fees and financing costs
    
    
159
572
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants issued for
    services
    
    
67
990
    
    
    
44
826
    

Loss on debt extinguishment
    upon note conversion
 net
    
    
395
781
    
    
    
    
    

Change in derivative
    liability
    
    
(858
774
    
    
    
795
699
    

    
    
    
88
762
    
    
    
95
805
    

    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(15
927
    
    
    
(45
086
    

    
    
    
130
834
    
    
    
(303
230
    

    
    
    
(397
085
    
    
    
2
210
    

    
    
    
122
673
    
    
    
344
878
    

Accrued
    expenses
    
    
168
626
    
    
    
(44
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash used in operating activities
    
    
(1
531
084
    
    
    
(1
567
227
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash paid for
    purchase of intangible asset
    
    
(333
333
    
    
    
    
    

Net cash provided
    by investing activities
    
    
(333
333
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    

    
    
    
2
028
000
    
    
    
1
602
005
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(102
076
    

Repayment of short-term
    debt
    
    
3
897
    
    
    
(1
000
    

Net
    cash provided by financing activities
    
    
2
031
897
    
    
    
1
548
929
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
167
480
    
    
    
18
298
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash and cash
    equivalents
 beginning of year
    
    
30
142
    
    
    
48
440
    

Cash and cash equivalents
    end of year
    
    
197
622
    
    
    
30
142
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Summary of Non-Cash Investing and Financing
    Information:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Initial derivative liability and Debt discount
    due to beneficial conversion feature on notes issued
    
    
1
684
711
    
    
    
1
482
314
    

    
    
    
961
000
    
    
    
1
327
953
    

Derivative liability reclassed to loss on extinguishment
    of debt upon notes conversion
    
    
581
219
    
    
    
    
    

Intangible assets acquired and adjusted in accounts
    payable balance
    
    
666
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
88
762
    
    
    
95
805
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc. 
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
    
Nightfood
    Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued
    and outstanding shares of Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&nbsp;&nbsp;All
    of its operations are conducted by its two subsidiaries: Nightfood
 Inc. (&ldquo;Nightfood&rdquo;) and MJ Munchies
 Inc.(
    &ldquo;Munchies&rdquo;). &nbsp;&nbsp;Nightfood&rsquo;s business model is to manufacture and distribute ice cream specifically
    formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly
    way.&nbsp;&nbsp;Munchies has acquired a portfolio of intellectual property around the brand name Half-Baked
 and is seeking
    to license such property to operating partners in the CBD and marijuana space.




    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s fiscal year end is June 30.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company currently
    maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown
 New York.&nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Management
        is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 prepared in accordance with U.S.
        generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
        
The
        consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries
        NightFood
 Inc. and MJ Munchies
 Inc. The Company consolidates all majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries in accordance
        with applicable standards. All material intercompany accounts and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The preparation
    of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
    and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
    at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
    results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of beneficial conversion features
 derivative
    liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income
    taxes and contingencies
 among others.

    
    
    
    

    
Beneficial Conversion
    Feature
    
For
        conventional convertible debt where the rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company records any &ldquo;beneficial
        conversion feature&rdquo; (&ldquo;BCF&rdquo;) intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        
When
        the Company records a BCF
 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of
        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying
        debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company may
    pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not or with other
    consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of
    operations as amortization of debt discount.

    
    
    
    

    
Original Issue
    Discount
    
If debt is issued
    with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the
    note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion
    of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
Valuation of
    Derivative Instruments
    
ASC 815 &ldquo;Derivatives
    and Hedging&rdquo; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative
    instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining
    the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the
    embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares
    at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.




    
    





    
    
    
The Company may make certain reclassifications to prior period amounts to conform with the current year&rsquo;s presentation. These reclassifications did not have a material effect on its consolidated statement of financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    


        Accounting Standard Board&rsquo;s updates periodically to ensure the Company&rsquo;s compliance of its accounting policies and
        disclosure requirements to the Codification Topics.
        

 the Financial Accounting Standards
        Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to establish ASC Topic 606
 (ASC 606). ASU 2014-09 supersedes
        the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry
        Topics of the Codification. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
        of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
        in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the
        contract(s) with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
        (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies
        a performance obligation. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue
        and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
        

        on July 1
 2018 and did not have a material impact on our financial statements.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
Financial
        Instruments &ndash; Overall (Subtopic 825-10) &ndash; Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
        which requires all investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair value to be measured at fair value with changes
        in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those
        that result in consolidation of the investee). ASU 2016-01 is intended to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments
        to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information and removes the requirement to disclose the methods
        and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance
        sheet. For public companies
 the new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim
        periods within the fiscal year. For all other entities
 including emerging growth companies
 ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual
        periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company
        evaluated the impact on the financial statements and implemented the provisions of ASU 2016-01 for the annual financial statements
        for the year ended June 30
 2020. &nbsp;This new standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements or related
        disclosures.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard
        in January 2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;)
        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures
        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash
        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning
        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available.
        

        July 1
 2019. We have reviewed this and have determined that there is no material impact on our financial statements.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and Derivatives and Hedging
 which changes the accounting and
        earnings per share for certain instruments with down round features. The amendments in this ASU should be applied using a cumulative-effect
        adjustment as of the beginning of the fiscal year or retrospective adjustment to each period presented and is effective for annual
        periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those periods. We adopted this guidance effective July
        1
adoption of this guidance did not materially impact our financial statements
        and related disclosures
        

 the Financial Accounting
        Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued ASC Update No 2018-02 (Topic 220) Income Statement &ndash; Reporting Comprehensive
        Income: Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&nbsp; This ASC update allows for a
        reclassification into retained earnings of the stranded tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive income (&ldquo;AOCI&rdquo;)
        resulting from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&ldquo;TCJA&rdquo;). The updated guidance is effective for interim and
        annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018.&nbsp; We adopted this guidance effective July 1

        



    
    




    
    
    
In
        June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based
        Payment Accounting
 to expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and
        services from nonemployees and supersedes the guidance in Subtopic 505-50
 Equity - Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.
        Under ASU 2018-07
 equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date fair value
        on the grant date The probability of satisfying performance conditions must be considered for equity-classified nonemployee
        share-based payment awards with such conditions. ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
        2018
 with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance effective July 1

        

In
July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-09 to provide clarification and correction of errors to the Codification. The amendments in
this update cover multiple Accounting Standards Updates. Some topics in the update may require transition guidance with effective
dates for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. We adopted this guidance effective July 1



The
        Company will continue to monitor these emerging issues to assess any potential future impact on its financial statements.

    
    
    
    

    
Derivative
    Financial Instruments
    
The
                           Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency
                           risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are
                           derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
                           that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair
                           value and then is revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated
                           statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires
                           bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity
                           instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
                           fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt
                           instruments
 management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible
                           debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument
                           is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its evaluation process of
                           these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        
Once
        determined
 derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase
        or decrease in the fair value from inception is made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair
        market value of derivative liabilities.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company classifies
    as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities
    of three months or less at the time of purchase.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Statement of financial
    accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose
    estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for
    assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Inventories consisting
    of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or net realizable value
 including provisions for
    spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period
    spoilage is incurred.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Advertising costs
    are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations.
    &nbsp;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website
    design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid
    advertising.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company recorded advertising costs of $403
639 and $732
297 for the years ended June 30
 2020
    and 2019
 respectively.




    
    





    
    
    
The
    Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Deferred income
    taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those
    reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes&rdquo;
 which requires
    the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized
    for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
    and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
    are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
    are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable
    to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.




    
    
    
A valuation
    allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than
    not that the assets will be utilized.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company&rsquo;s
    effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent and temporary
    timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.




    
    
    
The
    Company generates its revenue by selling its nighttime snack products wholesale and direct to consumer.




    
    
    
All
    sources of revenue are recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 606 Revenue Recognition
 to depict the transfer of promised goods or
    services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
    for those goods or services. This includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the contract(s)
    with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
 (iv) allocate
    the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies
    a performance obligation. In addition
 this revenue generation requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty
    of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company offers
    sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising
    related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed
    by the customer. &nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
        Company revenue from contracts with customers provides that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
        of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to
        be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.&nbsp;
        
The
        Company incurs costs associated with product distribution
 such as freight and handling costs. The Company has elected
        to treat these costs as fulfillment activities and recognizes these costs at the same time that it recognizes the underlying
        product revenue. As this policy election is in line with the Company&rsquo;s previous accounting practices
 the treatment
        of shipping and handling activities under FASB Topic 606 did not have any impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
        financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.
        
The
        adoption of ASC 606 did not result in a change to the accounting for any of the Company&rsquo;s revenue streams that are
        within the scope of the amendments. The Company&rsquo;s services that fall within the scope of ASC 606 are recognized
        as revenue as the Company satisfies its obligation to the customer.




    
    
    
In May
    2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which updates revenue recognition guidance relating
    to contracts with customers. This standard states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
    goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
    exchange for those goods or services. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods therein
    beginning after July 1
 2018. The Company adopted ASU 2014-09 and its related amendments (collectively known as &ldquo;ASC
    606&rdquo;) during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 using the full retrospective method.




    
    




    
    
    
Management

    pays
 or expects to pay
 to the customer (or to other parties that purchase the entity&rsquo;s goods or services from the
    customer). Consideration payable to a customer also includes credit or other items (for example
 a coupon or voucher) that
    can be applied against amounts owed to the entity (or to other parties that purchase the entity&rsquo;s goods or services
    from the customer). An entity shall account for consideration payable to a customer as a reduction of the transaction price
    and
 therefore
 of revenue unless the payment to the customer is in exchange for a distinct good or service (as described
    in paragraphs 606-10-25-18 through 25-22) that the customer transfers to the entity. If the consideration payable to a customer
    includes a variable amount
 an entity shall estimate the transaction price (including assessing whether the estimate of variable
    consideration is constrained) in accordance with paragraphs 606-10-32-5 through 32-13.&rdquo; 




    
    
    
If the
    consideration payable to a customer is a payment for a distinct good service
 then in accordance with ASC 606-10-32-26
 the
    entity should account for it the same way that it accounts for other purchases from suppliers (expense). Further

    the amount of consideration payable to the customer exceeds the fair value of the distinct good or service that the entity
    receives from the customer
 then the entity shall account for such an excess as a reduction of the transaction price. If the
    entity cannot reasonably estimate the fair value of the good or service received from the customer
 it shall account for all
    of the consideration payable to the customer as a reduction of the transaction price.&rdquo; 




    
    
    
Under
    ASC 606-10-32-27
 if the consideration payable to a customer is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price

    entity shall recognize the reduction of revenue when (or as) the later of either of the following events occurs: 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
The
    entity recognizes revenue for the transfer of the related goods or services to the customer.

    
    
    
    
The
    entity pays or promises to pay the consideration (even if the payment is conditional on a future event). That promise might
    be implied by the entity&rsquo;s customary business practices.&rdquo;

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Management
    reviewed each arrangement to determine if each fee paid is for a distinct good or service and should be expensed as incurred
    or if the Company should recognize the payment as a reduction of revenue.

    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
The
    Company recognizes revenue upon shipment based on meeting the transfer of control criteria. The Company has made a policy
    election to treat shipping and handling as costs to fulfill the contract
 and as a result
 any fees received from customers
    are included in the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation of providing goods with a corresponding amount
    accrued within cost of sales for amounts paid to applicable carriers.




    
Concentration of Credit
    Risk
    
Financial
    instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at
    financial institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&nbsp;&nbsp;To
    mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management
    believes the risk of loss is minimal.&nbsp;&nbsp;At June 30
 2020 and 2019 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
As
                                    of June 30
 2020
 the Company had receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted
                                    for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted for over 10% of
                                    the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers
                                    three of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
For
                                    conventional convertible debt where the rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company
                                    records any &ldquo;beneficial conversion feature&rdquo; (&ldquo;BCF&rdquo;) intrinsic value
                                    as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        
When
        the Company records a BCF
 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of
        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying
        debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.




    
    




    
    
    
The
    Company may pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not
    or with other consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the
    statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
If debt is issued
    with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the
    note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion
    of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC 815 &ldquo;Derivatives
    and Hedging&rdquo; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative
    instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining
    the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the
    embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares
    at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.&nbsp;




    
    
Net
                                         income per share data for both the years ending June 30
 2020 and 2019
 is based on net
                                         income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average of the number
                                         of common shares outstanding.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
                    Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for
                    the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable
                    intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                    amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison
                    of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such
                    assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the
                    carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported
                    at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on
                    quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.
        
During
        the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and impaired $500
000 and $-0-
 respectively as impairment
        on intangible asset
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC

 including whether to capitalize or expense
    the following types of costs:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Costs
    incurred in the planning stage

    
    
    
    
Costs incurred
    in the website application and infrastructure development stage

    
    
    
    
Costs incurred
    to develop graphics

    
    
    
    
Costs incurred
    to develop content

    
    
    
    
Costs incurred
    in the operating stage.&rdquo;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC

 or costs incurred during the application development
    stage for internally developed tools
 shall be capitalized unless they are used in research and development and meet either
    of the following conditions:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
They do not have
    any alternative future uses.

    
    
    
    
They are internally
    developed and represent a pilot project or are being used in a specific research and development project (see paragraph 350-40-15-7).&rdquo;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Further
    at ASC 350-50-25-7
 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During
    the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and capitalized $1
000
000 and $-0-
 respectively
 under
    ASC 350-50 and accounted as an intangible asset and amortized the costs over the life of the relationship.

    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    
The
                           Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency
                           risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are
                           derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
                           that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair
                           value and then is revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated
                           statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires
                           bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity
                           instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
                           fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt
                           instruments
 management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible
                           debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument
                           is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its evaluation process of
                           these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        
Once
        determined
 derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase
        or decrease in the fair value from inception is made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair
        market value of derivative liabilities.




    
Restatement of Prior Financial
    Information
    
Subsequent
    to Form 10K for the year ended June 30
 2019 filing
 during the interims review and based on such reviews
 the following determinations
    were made by the Company:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Error in Accounting
    for Slotting and Set-up Fees

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During our review
    we determined that the accounting treatment for the recognition of slotting fees and other fees paid or payable by the Company
    to certain strategic partners was incorrect. Specifically
 it has been determined that revenue relating to the slotting fee
    which was originally capitalized and amortized into expense over an 18-month period should instead be treated as a reduction
    in revenue at the later of recognition of revenue for the transfer of the Nightfood product or when the Company pays or promised
    to pay the slotting fee. In addition
 certain fees related to platforms to launch our products and advertising efforts should
    have been capitalized and recorded as an intangible asset. The Company previously recorded a portion of this fee as an intangible
    asset &ndash; placement fee and expensed the remaining amount as advertising expense in the Period Ended December 31
 2019.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
In accordance with
    the guidance provided by the SEC&rsquo;s Staff Accounting Bulletin 99
 (&ldquo;SAB 99&rdquo;) and Staff
    Accounting Bulletin 108

    Year Financial Statements 
 the Company has determined that the impact of adjustments relating
    to the corrections of this accounting error are not material to previously issued annual audited and unaudited financial statements.
    Accordingly
 these changes are disclosed herein and will be disclosed prospectively.




    
As
    of June 30
 2019 

    
Previously
    
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Balance Sheet
    
    
    

Current
    assets
482
667
487
500
970
167

    
2
955
272
223
333
3
178
605

Working capital
    (deficit)
(2
472
605
264
167
(2
208
438

    
482
667
487
500
970
167

    
2
955
272
223
333
3
178
605

Total stockholders&rsquo;
    deficit
(2
472
605
264
167
(2
208
438



The
                                         balance sheet impact of the errors was corrected in the quarter ended September 30
 2019.




    
    




    
As
    of September 30
 2019

    
Previously
    
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Balance Sheet
    
    
    

Current
    assets
858
216
387
917
1
246
133

    
3
287
252
1
151
666
4
438
918

Working capital
    (deficit)
(2
429
036
(763
749
(3
192
785

    
858
216
1
221
250
2
079
466

    
3
287
252
1
151
666
4
438
918

Total stockholders&rsquo;
    deficit
(2
429
036
69
584
(2
359
452




    
As
    of December 31
 2019

    
Previously
    
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidate
    Balance Sheet
    
    
    

Current
    assets
577
944
408
294
986
238

    
4
514
446
249
007
4
763
453

Working capital
    (deficit)
(3
936
502
159
287
(3
777
215

    
1
550
298
102
607
1
652
905

    
4
514
446
249
007
4
763
453

Total stockholders&rsquo;
    deficit
(2
964
148
(146
400
(3
110
548




    
For
    the Year Ended June 30
 2019 

    
Previously
    Reported
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    
    
    

    
352
172
    
352
172

    
2
263
722
(264
167
1
999
555

    
(1
911
550
264
167
(1
647
383

    
2
686
793
    
2
686
793

    
(4
598
343
264
167
(4
334
176

Basic &amp; diluted
    EPS
    
    
    



The
                                         income statement impact of the errors was corrected in the quarter ended September 30
                                         2019.




    
For
                                         the Three Months Ended
September
                                         30
 2019

    
Previously
    Reported
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    
    
    

    
206
497
(160
000
46
497

    
570
858
(229
584
341
274

    
(364
361
69
584
(294
777

    
218
803
    
218
803

    
(583
164
69
584
(513
580

Basic &amp; diluted
    EPS
    
    
    




    
For
                                         the Six Months Ended
December
                                         31
 2019

    
Previously
    Reported
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    
    
    

    
379
488
(271
706
107
782

    
1
326
290
(125
306
1
200
984

    
(946
802
(146
400
(1
093
202

    
557
320
    
557
320

    
(1
504
122
(146
400
(1
650
522

Basic &amp; diluted
    EPS
    
    
    




    
    




    
For
                                         the Three Months Ended
December
                                         31
 2019

    
Previously
    Reported
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    
    
    

    
172
991
(111
706
61
285

    
755
432
104
278
859
710

    
(582
441
(215
984
(798
425

    
338
517
    
338
517

    
(920
958
(215
984
(1
136
942

Basic &amp; diluted
    EPS
    
    
    




    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because the business is new and has
    limited operating history and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.




    
    
    
The
                                         accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company
                                         will continue as a going concern. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 the Company had a
                                         net loss of $4
412
063
 negative cash flow from operations of $1
531
084 and accumulated
                                         deficit of $17
631
122. Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address
                                         its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve
                                         months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital
                                         from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
                                         as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity
                                         financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the
                                         necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.




    
    
    
The
    Company has limited available cash resources and we do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing
    working capital needs. The Company is continuing to raise capital through private placement of our common stock and through
    the use of convertible notes to finance the Company&rsquo;s operations
 of which it can give no assurance of success. However
    the Company has a strong ongoing relationship with Eagle Equities and we expect to be able to continue to finance our operations
    as we have over the previous several quarters
 although no assurance can be guaranteed. We believe that our current capitalization
    structure
 combined with ongoing increases in revenues
 will enable us to successfully secure required financing to continue
    our growth. In the short term
 the Company plans to continue to take advantage of convertible notes as a financing vehicle
    as it allows for today&rsquo;s operating capital to be either repaid
 or converted to equity at future valuations.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Because
    the business is new and has limited operating history and sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated. Management has
    devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company&rsquo;s
    ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating
    revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Even
                                         if the Company is successful in raising additional funds
 the Company cannot give any
                                         assurance that it will
 in the future
 be able to achieve a level of profitability from
                                         the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
                                         doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
                                         financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
                                         on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification of
                                         liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
                                                     
Further
                                         we are subject to the continued impact of COVID-19
 as further discussed below. See footnote
                                         18.




    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company&rsquo;s snack products. On a periodic basis
    the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
    collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution
    partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 days or less. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and
    the Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account
    is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has not provided any sales
    allowances for June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During the year
    ended June 30
 2020
 one customer accounted for greater than 10% of gross sales. As of June 30
 2020
 the Company had receivables
    due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted
    for over 10% of the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers
 three of whom
    accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. 




    
    




    
    
    
Inventories consists of the
    following at June 30
 2020 and 2019.




    
    
    

Finished
    Goods-bars
    
30
800

Finished Goods-ice
    cream
195
817
346
229

    
26
309
25
477

    
53
479
3
933

    
275
605
406
439




    
    
    
Inventories
                                         are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or net realizable value. The Company periodically
                                         reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs or write-offs of inventory
                                         based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs
                                         and write-offs are charged to loss on inventory write down.




Other
    current assets
    
Other
    current assets consist of the following vendor deposits at June 30
 2020 and 2019. The majority of this amount relates to
    deposits towards distribution and marketing partnerships i.e. slotting fees.




    
June
    30

June&nbsp;30

    2019

Prepaid
    advertising costs
398
045
    

Vendor
    deposits &ndash; Other
    
1
000

    
398
085
1
000



Intangible
                                         Assets


Intangible
assets consist of the following at June 30
 2020 and 2019. The amount of the intangible assets represents fees and expenses in
connection with the development and launch of platforms used to track conversions
 optimize ads
 and scale online customer growth
through a hybrid distribution model.



    
June
    30

June&nbsp;30


    
    
    

Intangible
    assets
1
000
000
    

Amortization of intangible
    assets
(500
000
    

Impairment
    of intangible assets
(500
000
    

    
    
    


During
the quarter ending March 31
 2020
 the Company determined it would be unable to generate sufficient traction from these digital
assets.&nbsp; The Company made the decision to stop utilizing the assets and began conversations with the creditor about eliminating
the remaining debt associated with the assets which was successfully negotiated in April 2020. As of the time of this filing
the balance sheet remains unchanged
 as this successful renegotiation is conditional upon payment being completed prior to December
1
 2020
 which would result in the elimination of $731
118 in total debt should payment be made totaling $166
224 in cash and
approximately 4
000 pints of Nightfood ice cream. Should the Company make said payments and retire the debt prior to December
1
 2020
 the Company would realize a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt of approximately $560
000. Because this reduction in debt
is conditional
 the full $731
118.33 is currently included in the liabilities section of our balance sheet.



    
    
    
Other current liabilities
    consist of the following at June 30
 2020 and 2019.




    
    
    

Accrued
    consulting fees &ndash; related party
9
974
33
974

Accrued
    interest
192
625
    

    
    
    

    
202
599
33
974




    
    




    
    
    
Convertible
    Notes Payable consist of the following at June 30
 2020 and 2019.




    
    
    
On
                           April 30
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement
                           dated April 30
 2018
 in the amount of $225
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have
                           a maturity of April 30
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60%
                           of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock
                           is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
                           but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component
                           to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation
                           under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $225
000 Notes was calculated
                           using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $287
174
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest
                           rate of 2.24%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 202%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                           the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $225k Notes
 a charge was recorded to
                           &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge of $62
174.
                           As of June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0.
        
On
        June 5
 2018
 the Company received cash in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and Securities Purchase Agreement
        dated June 5
 2018. The note was in the amount of in the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes
        have a maturity of June 6
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest
        closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen
        (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with
        the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies
        for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the
        $210
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $265
498
 with the following assumptions: risk-free
        interest rate of 2.09%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 200%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the
        fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $210k Notes
 a charge was recorded to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo;
        for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge of $55
498. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount
        was $0. This note has been successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company
        fair valued the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $180
755 included under line item
        &ldquo;Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net&rdquo;.
        
On
        July 2
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated July 12
        2018
 in the amount of $207
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of July 12
 2019 and interest
        rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
        on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion.
        The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component
        to satisfy the note with cash The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
        &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $207
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing
        model at $257
842
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.59%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility
        of 183%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $207k
        Notes
 a charge was recorded to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge
        of $50
842. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $1
134
 respectively.



    
    




    
    
    
This
    note has been successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued
    the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $73
760 included under line item &ldquo;Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net&rdquo;.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                    November 16
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase
                                    agreement dated November 16
 2018
 in the amount of $130
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 16
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and
                                    are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
                                    on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days
                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association
                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
                                    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $130
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes
                                    pricing model at $131
898
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.71%
                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 150%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                                    the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $130k Notes
 a charge was recorded
                                    to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge
                                    of $1
898. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $48
795
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
This note has been
    successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as
    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $19
845 included under line item &ldquo;Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net&rdquo;.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                    December 18
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase
                                    agreement dated December 18
 2018
 in the amount of $130
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 18
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and
                                    are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
                                    on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days
                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association
                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
                                    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $130
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes
                                    pricing model at $128
976
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.64%
                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 144%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $130k Notes
 no charge
                                    was recorded to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note.
                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $60
425
 respectively

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
This note has been
    successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as
    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $36
927 included under line item &ldquo;Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net&rdquo;.



    
    




    
    
    
On
                                         January 28
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement dated January 28
 2019
 in the amount of $234
000. The lender was
                                         Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of January 28
 2020 and interest rate
                                         of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price
                                         on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed
                                         for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
                                         but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative
                                         accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo; The
                                         fair value of the $234
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model
                                         at $226
452
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.60%
 expected
                                         life of 1 year
 volatility of 135%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the
                                         fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $234k Notes
 no charge
                                         was recorded to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the
                                         note. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $131
528
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
This note has been
    successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as
    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $80
394 included under line item &ldquo;Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net&rdquo;.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                    February 14
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase
                                    agreement dated February 14
 2019
 in the amount of $104
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 14
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum and
                                    are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
                                    on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days
                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association
                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
                                    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $104
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes
                                    pricing model at $90
567
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.53%
                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 136%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $104k Notes
 no charge
                                    was recorded to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note.
                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $56
821
 respectively. $50
000
                                    of the note has been successfully retired via conversion into shares during the year ended
                                    June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a
                                    loss on conversion of $4
098 included under line item &ldquo;Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net&rdquo;.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                    April 29
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase
                                    agreement dated April 29
 2019
 in the amount of $208
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 29
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are
                                    convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
                                    on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days
                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association
                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
                                    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $208
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes
                                    pricing model at $170
098
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.42%
                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the 208k Notes
 no charge
                                    was recorded to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note.
                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $141
204
 respectively



    
    




    
    
    
On June
    11
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 11
 2019
 in
    the amount of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 11
 2020 and interest rate of
    8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $240
217
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.05%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 16%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300k Notes
 no charge
    was recorded to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
    the debt discount was $0 and $227
713
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On July 5
 2019
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated July 5
 2019
 in the amount
    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of July 5
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum
    and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo;
    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $239
759
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.98%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the 300k Notes
 no charge was recorded to &ldquo;Financing
    cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $2
627.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 8
 2019
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated August 8
 2019
 in the amount
    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of August 8
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum
    and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo;
    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $254
082
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.79%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300k Notes
 no charge was recorded to &ldquo;Financing
    cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $26
452.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 29
 2019
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated August 29
 2019
 in the amount
    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of August 29
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per
    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo;
    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $234
052
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.75%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300
000 Notes
 no charge was recorded to
    &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $37
833.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 24
    2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 24
 2019
 in
    the amount of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of September 24
 2020 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $118
009
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.78%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 no charge
    was recorded to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount
    was $27
482.



    
    





    
    
    
On November 7
 2019
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November 7
 2019
 in the amount
    of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 7
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per
    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo;
    The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $121
875
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.58%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 122%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 no charge was recorded to &ldquo;Financing
    cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $43
074.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On December
    31
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 31
 2019
    in the amount of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 31
 2020 and interest
    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on
    which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The
    note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to
    satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $189
172
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.59%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 115%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 $39
172 was recorded
    to &ldquo;Financing cost&rdquo; for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $75
205.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On February 6
 2020
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated February 6
 2020
 in the amount
    of $200
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 6
 2021 and interest rate of 8% per
    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo;
    The fair value of the $200
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $156
061
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.51%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $94
064.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On February 26
    2020
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated February 26
 2020
 in
    the amount of $187
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 6
 2021 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $187
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $150
268
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.18%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $99
218.



    
    




    
    
    
On April
    30
 2020
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 30
 2020
 in
    the amount of $205
700. This note carried an Original Discount of 10% or $18
700 which was included in interest expense at
    the time of valuation. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 30
 2021 and interest rate of
    8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 78% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives
    and Hedging.&rdquo; The fair value of the $205
700 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $128
369
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.16%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 106%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $106
916.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On June 23
 2020
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 23
 2020
 in the amount
    of $205
700. This note carried an Original Discount of 10% or $18
700 which was included in interest expense at the time of
    valuation. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 23
 2021 and interest rate of 8% per annum
    and are convertible at a price of 78% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s
    Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging.&rdquo;
    The fair value of the $205
700 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $132
236
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.18%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 108%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $129
700.





    
    
    
Below
    is a reconciliation of the convertible notes payable as presented on the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet as of June 30
 2020:




    
Principal
    
Debt
    Discount ($)
Net
    

Balance
    at June 30
 2018
1
576
024
(942
154
633
870

Convertible
    notes payable issued during fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
1
602
005
    
1
602
005

Note
    paid
(102
076
    
(102
076

Notes
    converted into shares of common stock
(1
327
953
    
(1
327
953

Debt
    discount associated with new convertible notes
    
(1
482
314
(1
482
314

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
1
794
209
1
794
209

Balance at June 30
    2019
1
748
000
(630
259
1
117
741

Convertible
    notes payable issued during fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
2
148
400
    
2
148
400

Notes
    converted into shares of common stock
(961
000
    
(961
000

Debt
    discount associated with new convertible notes
    
(1
684
711
(1
684
711

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
1
709
759
1
709
759

Balance at June 30
    2020
2
935
400
(605
211
2
330
189




    
    




    
    
    
Due
    to the variable conversion price associated with some of these convertible promissory notes disclosed in Note 8 above
 the
    Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for instruments which are convertible
    and have not yet been settled. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record
    the fair value of the derivatives on the date they are deemed to be derivative liabilities.




    
    
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2020
 the Company recorded a gain in fair value of derivative liability of $858
774. The Company will
    measure the fair value of each derivative instrument in future reporting periods and record a gain or loss based on the change
    in fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Below is a reconciliation
    of the derivative liability as presented on the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet as of June 30
 2020:




Derivative liability as of
    June 30
 2018
1
765
187

Initial derivative
    liability accounted for convertible notes payable issued during the period ended June 30
 2019
1
565
535

Change in derivative
    liability during the period
712
627

Reclassify derivative
    liability associated with Notes converted
(2
736
601

Derivative liability as of June 30
 2019
1
306
748

Initial
    derivative liability accounted for convertible notes payable issued during the period ended June 30
 2020
1
723
883

Change in derivative
    liability during the period
(858
774

Reclassify derivative
    liability associated with Notes converted
(581
219

Balance at June 30
 2020
1
590
638




    
    
    
On March
    19
 2020
 the Company secured a $200
000 line of credit with Celtic Bank Corporation. This LOC has a &ldquo;Flex Credit&rdquo;
    component of calculating interest
 which means the interest rate on any draws taken against the LOC is set at the time of
    said draw. As of the date of this filing
 the Company has made one draw against the credit line for a gross amount of $5
000
    (including proceeds and draw fees). Three payments have been made against this draw of approximately $368 each. Such payments
    will continue to be automatically deducted from the corporate checking account until the draw and all fees have been paid
    in full. The Company may or may not choose to use this line of credit for additional financing needs.




    
June
    30

June
    30


Line
    of Credit
3
897
    

    
3
897
    

Less:
    current portion
3
897
    

Long
    term debt
    
    




    
    
    
Interest
    expense for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 totaled $463 and $0
 respectively. 




    
    





    
    
    
On October
    16
 2013
 the Nightfood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&rsquo;
    equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.




    
    
    
The
                           Company is authorized to issue Two Hundred Million (200
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share
                           Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record
                           on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a
                           majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled
                           to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available
                           therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company&rsquo;s
                           assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend
                           and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders
                           of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company.
                           There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock.
                           All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares
                           of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares
                           of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their
                           approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the
                           Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out
                           of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon
                           liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription
                           rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of
                           debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred
                           stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders
                           of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders
                           of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more
                           than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors
                           to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not
                           be able to elect any of our directors.&nbsp;
        
The
        Company had 61
796
680 and 53
773
856 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
        2020 and 2019 respectively.
        
        





    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2020:





    
    
The
    Company issued 1
385
990 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $308
768

    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 580
666 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $88
762

    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 6
056
168 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a fair value of $961
000.




    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2019:




    
    
the
    Company sold 84
389 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $50
000


    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 483
808 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $345
656


    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 281
957 shares of common stock for payment of certain accounts payable liabilities with a fair value of $63
850


    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 400
000 shares of common stock for the exercise of warrants valued at $120
000


    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 667
959 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $95
805


    
    
    

    
    
and
                                         issued 9
247
414 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a
                                         fair value of $1
327
953.
                                                                                
During
                                         the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded a Loss on fair value of
                                         shares issued upon notes conversion of $977
000 and $2
736
601
 respectively.





    
    




    
    
Preferred
                    Stock
        
On
 2018 the Company was authorized to issue One Million (1
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share
        Preferred Stock. Of the 1
000
000 shares 10
000 shares are designated as Series A preferred Stock Holders of Common Stock
        are each entitled to cast 100
000 votes for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders.
        
In
        addition to his ownership of the common stock
 Mr. Folkson owns 1
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (&ldquo;A
        Stock&rdquo;) which votes with the common stock and has an aggregate of 100
000
000 votes.
        
        

    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company has never declared
    dividends.




    
    
    




    
    
    
The
        following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding common stock purchase warrants. A portion of the 500
000 warrants
        shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not yet vested. These warrants were issued as compensation for a four-year
        advisory agreement. 150
000 warrants vested on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another would vest 150
000
        on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining 50
000 on July 24
 2021
 should advisor complete the term of his engagement.
        
The
        aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants as of June 30
 2020 is $28
025. The aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants
        as of June 30
 2019 was $318
450.




    
    
    
Outstanding
    at
    
    
Issued
    /
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
June
    30

    2018
    
    
    
    2019
    
    
    
    
    
June
    30

    2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
105
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
105
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
(400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
405
000
    
    
    
(250
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
155
000
    




    
Outstanding
    at
Issued
    /
    
    

    
June
    30

    
    2020
    
June
    30


    
500
000
    
    
500
000

    
105
000
    
    
105
000

    
100
000
    
    
100
000

    
150
000
    
    
150
000

    
300
000
    
    
300
000

    
1
155
000
    
    
1
155
000




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company has never issued
    options.




    
    
    
During
    the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and
    $72
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &ndash; related party for 2020 and 2019 respectively.



    
    




    
    
    
The
    original consulting Agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month agreement effective
    January 1
 2016. A new twelve month consulting agreement was entered into for Mr. Folkson effective July 1
 2019
 which paid
    Folkson the same $6
000 monthly consulting fee. In addition
 the Company made bonuses available to Folkson upon the Company
    hitting certain revenue milestones of $1
000
000 in a quarter and $3
000
000 in a quarter. Achieving those milestones would
    earn Folkson warrants with a $.50 and $1 strike price which would need to be exercised within 90 days of the respective quarterly
    or annual filing. 




    
    
A reconciliation
    of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:




    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Effect of higher U.S. Federal statutory tax
    rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
The
    tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
460
670
    
    
    
1
155
359
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
460
670
    
    
    
(1
155
359
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
At
                           June 30
 2020 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $7
358
518
                           for income tax purposes. $2
614
000 will expire between 2031 and 2037 while the balance of the tax
                           operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount
                           of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding
                           the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June
                           30
 2020 was an increase of $398
550. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company
                           to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; be
                           sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions
                           in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well
                           as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions
                           and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result
                           in a material change to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions
                           have been recorded.




    
    
The
                           Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in
                           future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal
                           Revenue Code (&ldquo;IRC&rdquo;). Under section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50%
                           change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined
                           in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.

As
of June 30
 2020 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section
382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no federal or state
income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.

The
Company&rsquo;s accounting policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.
The Company has not accrued interest for any periods.

The
Company has not filed its federal and state income tax returns for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2020
 2019
 2018
 June 30
2017 and 2016 respectively
 however it believes due to the reported losses there is no material liability outstanding.



    
    




    
Fair Value of Financial
    Instruments
Cash
    and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Short-Term Debt
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
The carrying
    amounts of these items approximated fair value.

    
    
    

    
    
Fair value is defined
    as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
    participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting Standards
    Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
    techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
    for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
    in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other
    inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other
    market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.

    
    
    

    
    
The application
    of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described below:




    
Fiscal
    2020 Fair Value Measurements

    
Level
    1
Level
    2
Level
    3
Total
    Fair

    
    
    
    
    

Other
    assets
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Short
    and long-term debt
    
    
2
935
400
2
935
400

    
    
    
2
935
400
2
935
400




    
Fiscal
    2019 Fair Value Measurements

    
Level
    1
Level
    2
Level
    3
Total
    Fair

    
    
    
    
    

Other
    assets
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Short
    and long-term debt
    
    
1
748
000
1
748
000

    
    
    
1
748
000
1
748
000




    
    
Fiscal
    2020 Fair Value Measurements
    

    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    
    
Total
    Fair
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Derivative
    Liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
590
638
    
    
    
1
590
638&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
590
638&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
    
    
1
590
638&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    




    
    
Fiscal
    2019 Fair Value Measurements
    

    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    
    
Total
    Fair
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Derivative
    Liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
306
748&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
    
    
1
306
748&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
306
748&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
    
    
1
306
748&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    




    
    


Management
considers all of its derivative liabilities to be Level 3 liabilities.&nbsp;At June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively the Company
had outstanding derivative liabilities
 including those from related parties of $1
590
638 and $1
306
748
 respectively.



    
Net Loss
    per Share of Common Stock
    
The
                           Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per Share
&rdquo; which requires presentation of
                           basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures
                           and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the
                           numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
                           basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number
                           of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon
                           the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by
                           applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised
                           at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby
                           were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.
        
Convertible
        debt that is convertible into 24
638
241 and 8
538
462 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock are not included in
        the computation for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Additionally
 there are 1
155
000 and
        1
155
000 warrants that are exercisable into shares of stock as of June 30
 2020 and June 30
 2019
 respectively.




    
    
    

Numerator
    - basic and diluted loss per share net loss
(4
412
063
(4
598
343

    
    
    

Net loss available
    to common stockholders
(4
412
063
(4
598
343

    
    
    

Denominator
    &ndash; basic and diluted loss per share &ndash; weighted average common shares outstanding
57
443
347
47
827
114

Basic and diluted earnings
    per share
    
    




    
    
    
As of
    June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Company has no material commitments or contingencies.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Litigation: From
    time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise
 in the ordinary course of business.
    However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
    to time that may harm our business. We are not aware of any such legal proceedings that we believe will have
 individually
    or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or operating results.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Coronavirus (COVID-19):
    On March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic which continues to
    spread throughout the U.S. and the globe. In addition to the devastating effects on human life
 the pandemic is having a negative
    ripple effect on the global economy
 leading to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. Most U.S. states
    and many countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the further spread of the disease such as issuing temporary
    Executive Orders that
 among other stipulations
 effectively prohibit in-person work activities for most industries and businesses
    having the effect of suspending or severely curtailing operations. COVID-19 and the U.S&rsquo;s response to the pandemic are
    significantly affecting the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance as to the effect the COVID-19 pandemic
    may have
 and
 as a result
 the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. The extent of the
    ultimate impact of the pandemic on the Company&rsquo;s operational and financial performance will depend on various developments
    including the duration and spread of the outbreak
 which cannot be reasonably predicted at this time. Accordingly
 while management
    reasonably expects the COVID-19 outbreak to negatively impact the Company
 the related consequences and duration are highly
    uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.




    
    
    
Subsequent
    to the end of the Fiscal Year
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $347
000 of principal and $36
448.23 of interest of outstanding
    notes to stock. The average conversion price in these transactions was $.117. 3
288
917 shares were issued to the noteholder
    in these transactions.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 12
 2020
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and security purchase agreement dated and funded August 12
 2020
 in
    the amount of $205
700. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2020 the Company entered into a convertible promissory
note and security purchase agreement dated and funded October 13
 2020
 in the amount of $205
700. The lender was Eagle Equities
LLC.



    
    


ITEM
9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The
term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a


 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the issuer&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer)
 or persons performing
similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

The
term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the issuer&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 management
and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that:



    
    
Pertain to the maintenance
    of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
    issuer;




    
    
Provide reasonable
    assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations
    of management and directors of the issuer; and




    
    
Provide reasonable
    assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s assets
    that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Our
Chief Executive Officer does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting
will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of inherent limitations in all control systems
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the
registrant have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.


    
    


Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
We carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
 of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
on that evaluation
 our chief executive officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at June
30
 2020 due to the lack of accounting and management personnel
 as well as insufficient funds to fully engage necessary legal
and compliance resources. We will consider hiring additional employees when we obtain sufficient capital.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on our financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at June 30
 2020. In making this assessment
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control&mdash;Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment under those criteria
 our management has determined that
 at June
30
 2020
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to a lack of resources.

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the exemption provided to issuers that are not &ldquo;large accelerated filers&rdquo; nor &ldquo;accelerated filers&rdquo;
under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION.




    
    


PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Our
officers and directors are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director


Term
and Family Relationships

Our
director currently has a term which will end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until successors are elected and
qualify
 subject to their prior death
 resignation or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

No
family relationships exist among our officers
 directors and consultants.

Business
Experience

Sean
Folkson
Sean Folkson has been CEO and President
of our subsidiary Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation
 since its formation in January 2010. From 2004 to 2009 he served as
president of Specialty Equipment Direct
 Inc. which is an online marketer of flooring maintenance equipment which he founded.
In 1998 he founded AffiliatePros.com
 Inc. a company engaged in assisting its clients with internet marketing which operated through
2008. Mr. Folkson received a B.A. in Business Administration with a concentration in marketing from S.U.N.Y Albany in 1991.

Legal
Proceedings

No
officer
 director
 or persons nominated for these positions
 and no promoter or significant employee of our corporation has been
involved in legal proceedings that would be material to an evaluation of our management.

Code
of Ethics

We
have determined that due to our early stage of development and our small size
 the present adoption of a code of ethics is not
appropriate. If we grow we will adopt a suitable code of ethics.

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE



Our
board of directors currently only has one member and consequently does not currently have a compensation committee or nominating
and corporate governance committee. If our board of directors were to significantly increase in size
 we will consider the appropriateness
of committees.


    
    


Audit
Committee and Financial Expert

Presently
the board of directors acts as the audit committee. The board of directors does not have an audit committee financial expert.
The board of directors has not yet recruited an audit committee financial expert to join the board of directors because we have
only recently commenced a significant level of financial operations.

Director
Independence

Our
sole director is not deemed independent because he is our majority shareholder
 CEO and sole full-time employee.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership of Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own beneficially more than 10% of our
common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of such common stock with the SEC
 and to file copies of such
reports with us. Based solely upon a review of the copies of such reports filed with us
 we believe that during the fiscal year
ended June 30
 2020 such reporting persons complied with the filing requirements of Section 16(a). Neither Mr. Folkson nor Mr.
Leighton have engaged in any purchases or sales of our common stock since we became subject to the reporting requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended that were not reported on a Form 4.

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE

The
following table sets forth the cash and non-cash annual remuneration of our CEO and director during our past two fiscal years:



Name
    and Principal Position
    
    
    
Stock
    
Option
    
Non-Equity
    
Nonqualified
    
All
    Other 
    

Sean Folkson
*
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;72
000
&nbsp;72
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
000
72
000


*

000 monthly began accruing on January 1
 2015. Prior to that
 Mr. Folkson had worked for the
Company for several years and had never taken any fees or salary. Although the accrual began on January 1
 2015
 the first payment
was not made until November 28
 2017
 at which time Folkson had worked for 35 months under the Agreement without any payments
having been made. During fiscal 2020
 Mr. Folkson was paid $98
000 in cash toward the balance owed to him. A $9
974 balance remains
owed to Mr. Folkson as of June 30
 2020.

The
Company has not paid and has no present plan to give any compensation other than cash and the granting of shares of common stock.
The Company does not have any Stock Option Plan or other equity compensation plans.

Employment/Consulting
Agreements

A
consulting agreement exists between Mr. Folkson and the Company
 whereby Mr. Folkson receives $6
000 in consulting fees each month
beginning January
 2015.

In
June of 2018
 the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with Folkson
 which included a modified compensation structure.
The new Consulting Agreement contains the identical cash compensation allowance of $6
000 monthly. In addition
 Folkson would
earn Warrants with a strike price of $.50 when the Company hit certain revenue milestones. A similar agreement was entered into
by the parties with a term starting on July 1
 2019.

In
addition
 in December
 2017
 Folkson elected to purchase 80
000 warrants to acquire shares of NGTF stock with a strike price of
$.20 and a term of 36 months. To acquire these warrants Folkson paid $.15 per warrant
 totaling $12
000
 treated as a $12
000
reduction to the amount owed to Folkson.

Termination
of Employment

There
are no compensatory plans or arrangements
 including payments to be received from the Company
 with respect to any person named
in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above that would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or
her resignation
 retirement or other termination of such person&rsquo;s employment with us.


    
    


OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS

STOCK
OPTIONS.

No
grants of stock options or stock appreciation rights were made during the year ended June 30
 2020. We have no stock options outstanding.

LONG
TERM INCENTIVE PLANS.

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension
 retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers.
We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to
our directors or executive officers.

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
information in the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of June 30
 2020 by: (i)
our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and directors as a group; (iii) each shareholder who beneficially owns more than
5% of any class of our voting securities
 including those shares subject to outstanding options.



Name
    and address of owner
Amount
    owned
Percent
    of class

    
    
    

Sean Folkson
    
 Tarrytown
 NY 10691
16
753
568
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

All officers and directors
    as a group (1 person)
16
753
568
    


Changes
in Control

Our
management is not aware of any arrangements which may result in &ldquo;changes in control&rdquo; as that term is defined by the
provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The
Company was incorporated on October 16
 2013 and upon our organization we issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock to the Company&rsquo;s
founder
 President and CEO in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Night Food
 Inc.
 a New York corporation.
During October and December 2013
 Mr. Folkson assigned 4
000
000 shares of his common stock to Peter Leighton as compensation
in connection with his joining the Company and an aggregate of 104
500 shares to 35 persons as gifts. Mr. Folkson had advanced
an aggregate of $134
517 to us to fund our operations
 and had previously been shown on our financial statements as a Note Payable.
This note has since been converted to equity as outlined below. Our sole director is not deemed independent because he is our
single largest shareholder and our CEO.

The
Company did not receive any funds from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 during the
fiscal years ended 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


A
consulting agreement exists between Mr. Folkson and the Company
 whereby Mr. Folkson receives $6
000 in consulting fees each month
beginning January
 2015. In June of 2018
 the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with Folkson
 which included a modified
compensation structure. The new Consulting Agreement contains the identical cash compensation allowance of $6
000 monthly. In
addition
 Folkson would earn Warrants with a strike price of $.50 when the Company hit certain revenue milestones. A similar agreement
was entered into by the parties with a term starting on July 1
 2019.

In
addition
 in December
 2017
 Folkson elected to purchase 80
000 warrants to acquire shares of NGTF stock with a strike price of
$.20 and a term of 36 months. To acquire these warrants Folkson paid $.15 per warrant
 totaling $12
000
 treated as a $12
000
reduction to the amount owed to Folkson.

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

Audit
Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant
for the audit of our annual financial statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K or
services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those
fiscal years were $29
500 and $32
500 respectively.

Tax
Fees

For
the fiscal years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 for professional services related to tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning
work by our principal accountants
 we incurred expenses of $0 and $0 respectively.

All
Other Fees




    
    


PART
IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES




    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation*

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation A Stock***

    
    
Subscription
    Agreements*

    
    
Specimen
    Stock Certificate*

    
    
Lease
    Receipt and terms and conditions**

    
    
Subsidiaries
    of the Registrant Nightfood
 Inc. a 100% owned New York corporation*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
    Document

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
    Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Presentation Linkbase Document




    
Incorporated by
    reference to like numbered exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s registration Statement on Form S-1 File Number 333-193347




    
Incorporated by
    reference to the Registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2017




    
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
    the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 10-K
 filed July 17
 2018 



    
    




In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
Nightfood
    Holdings
 Inc.

    
    
    

October 13
 2020&nbsp;
    
/s/
    Sean Folkson

    
    
Sean
        Folkson
 Chief Executive Officer
(Principal
        Executive
 Financial
 and
        Accounting Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the date indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Sean Folkson
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
October 13
 2020&nbsp;

    
    
(principal executive
 financial and accounting
    officer)
    
    




    














     


Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER&nbsp;
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Sean Folkson
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
present in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



October
    13
 2020
    
/s/
    Sean Folkson

    
    
Sean
    Folkson&nbsp;
    Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;
    (Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer)














     


Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2020
I
 Sean Folkson
 Chief Executive Officer of NightFood Holdings
 Inc..
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:

1.
Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.
The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2020 fairly presents
 in all
material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.



October
    13
 2020
    
/s/
    Sean Folkson

    
    
Sean
    Folkson&nbsp;
    Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;
    (Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer)&nbsp;













begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!




MI:7N-EXU[:-8Z455M
TH)?KHP!8
O]3R[2B[4 *CY1DDK^?4^Y^G%?R(^$O^

-/A%\*=\*?$+XD^(?BWX^<3ZI





RR[+\'A
DEF*CF



=(\+



MB%R&_LO2VD_M+42#PW]GV



M4=/8\].?:OE/$CAWAKA?B*65\





U\-*E6



?7IQ^'0U\-^._\ @HY^Q9\-/&/B

$^:F=P)('4X


MC\?]




FN:?HEE:7R^&]2M+**
M3PC=R:UX?N=(&DF(:8/JS_@EGX2\/>./^:GP4\*^)M)L]:\.Z_X8\;:5J^C
MW\0N+&^L+KQYXOMKRS=2.492RGD,N=R%6PP^VO!?[.?PQ\#ZS+K^CZ7J^HZ^
M-(/AR#6?&'B?Q5XZU+3_  XUS:WK:!I%SXPUG5WTC1OMME:W!TZP,41:VM';
M[B*/&G7R/A7,L\X?Q>7K,%@

3%(QKOQ7*.


QS+*.91C3C_L&8RHS6


H;

MB07.M^(M?OO!VBDVT'(^V:]XAUNZ6RC3^/4[T;MHY7_/RD_X\)$^^?*&/WO'




RS''8K)\!B





$&\
MOM.)_M'2=/!&/L?45_:U/_P4W_89'PUD^(2_M#_#^;1CIXN/[&BU%3XN!6W#


\ES3!RJ_V;


M-K?Z6?#'Q4BNO%\&A7ZYLQ=:4VM8\0Z/?:;?#Y=..IG2LC_B;:3G%?H#_P $

M']CZ%IU_9_V=?6G]H^;4F5L[64J2I_'3]I7XH^'_C/^T!\8_B]X9\/_ /*






9U+ASZUF.:?VGF$9

^

J;/


M9W7VRUNK6[X_Y!_V4?3I]/[Z_P#@I1H^FW/[$/[1\EQI]A=O:?KQ3);\2!
MDB(L3FX^8$+@@MP5)( ([5_!S\-UAD^('PZ2:&.Y23QYX ^UV\D7GPWG_%4:

Z=?SZ?8:SX?NCI?C[QU!:7)!UV?Q#:#[?X6T_40/\ B4Z=
MIFW(.=8U0+D+^Z7_  5:U%/A7_P3V^


MB+X7\.ZQ]GE

O
MPN$R]U89;DRC&6 P



#_^0Y[Q[G&?X99Q@N%L?4IY91DE.GRPP3S#FG3E&2G-1Y*7OJ5





55


90RVG.*FHX



M

K[^U/%GB_

(_A3%X!\)I\.DT






MO&/[9OQ9NOA3X





MM'L-+M;2UL

M8_[%*\U[5:-VN]^:5EMS'!PKX



W2VNEC]'_VT/%Y^(?\ P3;^
GCI8'TE/%W[/]UX




MP;P[QME.9UZF&EF..KRRN







MALBXAX9Q

M/'?P!US4_BA8V/V66?P[XDTVT\$:_?VEK^\U%KV_LSJ7AI7O/E&G-INJJAQM


M?]KK_@FQ^S;^V(RZWX[\.R^'?B+;VBVMC\2O!D\.C^*HX!E8;757-M-IGB:P

87G+ 2ES4F

7'DFY-


M+2;5U?36Y\;?L=?\$Y_'LG_!
#]H3PUXFTF\T'XJ_M
Z9_PENB:#J
5Q8:KI

MO#CQZPV SSBI\:85U
IXJQ[Q]1TDZBR^3@\%RV:O.#P#5.Z3?-&[C:?N_?\
MBO\ 1DQV+X:X

M()%\)XK*Y^ VHM\85T9;'SX_$-H/AW/K_P!G%I_:8;_D/BP-Y_IW]A;/-VG^

M76

MDH;#[1]WPQXE^ _ N99B^'
)F6&_MBG-X[
K8R:BFVX9?&+?/&+E/FBHQ4$E



M%& .@Q113 
#KCGUHHHH *
#THHH *
#KCGUHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
+ BBB@ HHHH _]D!
end


















        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    


    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    












    
    
    

000
000 in a quarter and $3
000


    

 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and&#13;    $72

 and then converted into a month to month agreement effective January 1
 2016. A new twelve month consulting&#13;    agreement was entered into for Mr. Folkson effective July 1
 2019
 which paid Folkson the same $6
000 monthly consulting fee.&#13;    In addition
 the Company made bonuses available to Folkson upon the Company hitting certain revenue milestones of $1
000
000&#13;    in a quarter and $3
000

    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    

 the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
 collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 days or less. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has not provided any sales allowances for June 30
 2020 and 2019



800&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Finished Goods-ice cream&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;195
817&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;346
229&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Raw materials - ingredients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26
309&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;25
477&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;53
479&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;275
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;406


800&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Finished Goods-ice cream&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;195
817&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;346
229&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Raw materials - ingredients&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26
309&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;25
477&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;53
479&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;275
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;406



974&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;33
974&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Accrued interest&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;192
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;202
599&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;33


974&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;33
974&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Accrued interest&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;192
625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;202
599&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;33



 2020
 the Company recorded a gain in fair value of derivative liability of $858
774. The Company will measure the fair value of each derivative instrument in future reporting periods and record a gain or loss based on the change in fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Below is a reconciliation of the derivative liability as presented on the Company's balance sheet as of June 30

 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
765
187&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Initial derivative liability accounted for convertible notes payable issued during the period ended June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
565
535&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Change in derivative liability during the period&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;712
627&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Reclassify derivative liability associated with Notes converted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
736
601&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Derivative liability as of June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
306
748&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Initial derivative liability accounted for convertible notes payable issued during the period ended June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
723
883&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Change in derivative liability during the period&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(858
774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Reclassify derivative liability associated with Notes converted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(581
219&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Balance at June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
590


 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
765
187&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Initial derivative liability accounted for convertible notes payable issued during the period ended June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
565
535&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Change in derivative liability during the period&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;712
627&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Reclassify derivative liability associated with Notes converted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
736
601&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Derivative liability as of June 30
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
306
748&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Initial derivative liability accounted for convertible notes payable issued during the period ended June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
723
883&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Change in derivative liability during the period&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(858
774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Reclassify derivative liability associated with Notes converted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(581
219&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Balance at June 30
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
590


&lt;br /&gt; 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Line of Credit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3
897&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
897&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3

    
    
    
    



 2020
 the Company secured a $200
000&#13;    line of credit with Celtic Bank Corporation. This LOC has a Flex Credit component of calculating interest
 which&#13;    means the interest rate on any draws taken against the LOC is set at the time of said draw. As of the date of this filing
&#13;    the Company has made one draw against the credit line for a gross amount of $5

&lt;br /&gt; 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Line of Credit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3
897&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
897&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3

 2020&#13;    and 2019
 totaled $463 and $0

    
    
    
    

000 warrants shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not yet vested. These warrants were issued as compensation for a four-year advisory agreement. 150
000 warrants vested on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another would vest 150
000 on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining 50
000 on July 24
 2021

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    


    

    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    


460
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
155

460

155

 2020 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating&#13;losses of approximately $7
358
518 for income tax purposes. $2
614
000 will expire between 2031 and 2037 while the balance of the&#13;tax operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred&#13;tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change&#13;in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2020 was an increase of $398
550. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25&#13;P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will more likely than not be sustained&#13;upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions&#13;where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that&#13;its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result&#13;in a material change to its financial position. Therefore

 should the Company experience a more than 50%&#13;change in its ownership over a 3 year period

 2020 the Company had not&#13;performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S.&#13;federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently

 2020
 2019
 2018
 June 30
 2017 and 2016 respectively




460
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
155

460

155

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





























    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

118 in total debt should payment be made totaling $166
224 in cash and approximately 4

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    


    

 2020 and 2019. The amount of the intangible assets represents fees and expenses in connection with the development&#13;and launch of platforms used to track conversions
 optimize ads

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;June&amp;#160;30
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Impairment of intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(500

 2020
 the Company determined&#13;it would be unable to generate sufficient traction from these digital assets.&amp;#160; The Company made the decision to stop utilizing&#13;the assets and began conversations with the creditor about eliminating the remaining debt associated with the assets which was&#13;successfully negotiated in April 2020. As of the time of this filing
 the balance sheet remains unchanged
 as this successful renegotiation&#13;is conditional upon payment being completed prior to December 1
 2020
 which would result in the elimination of $731
118 in total&#13;debt should payment be made totaling $166
224 in cash and approximately 4
000 pints of Nightfood ice cream. Should the Company&#13;make said payments and retire the debt prior to December 1
 2020
 the Company would realize a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt of&#13;approximately $560
000. Because this reduction in debt is conditional
 the full $731


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;June&amp;#160;30
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Impairment of intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(500


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

 2019 &lt;sup&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously &lt;br /&gt; Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Balance Sheet&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;482
667&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;487
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;970
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
955
272&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;223
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
178
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Working capital (deficit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
472
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
208
438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;482
667&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;487
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;970
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
955
272&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;223
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
178
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total stockholders' deficit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
472
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
208


 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously &lt;br /&gt; Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Balance Sheet&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;858
216&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;387
917&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
246
133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
287
252&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
151
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
438
918&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Working capital (deficit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
429
036&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(763
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
192
785&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;858
216&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
221
250&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
079
466&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
287
252&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
151
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
438
918&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total stockholders' deficit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
429
036&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;69
584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
359

 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously &lt;br /&gt; Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidate Balance Sheet&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;577
944&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;408
294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;986
238&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
514
446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;249
007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
763
453&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Working capital (deficit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
936
502&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;159
287&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
777
215&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
550
298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;102
607&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
652
905&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
514
446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;249
007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
763
453&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total stockholders' deficit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
964
148&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(146
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
110

 2019 &lt;sup&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Statements of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;352
172&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;352
172&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
263
722&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
999
555&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
911
550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
647
383&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
686
793&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
686
793&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4
598
343&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4
334


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Statements of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;206
497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(160
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;46
497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;570
858&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(229
584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;341
274&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(364
361&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;69
584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(294
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;218
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;218
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(583
164&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;69
584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(513

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Statements of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;379
488&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(271
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;107
782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
326
290&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(125
306&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
200
984&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(946
802&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(146
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
093
202&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;557
320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;557
320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
504
122&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(146
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
650

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Statements of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;172
991&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(111
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;61
285&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;755
432&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;104
278&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;859
710&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(582
441&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(215
984&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(798
425&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;338
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;338
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(920
958&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(215
984&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
136

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2020
 one customer accounted for greater than 10% of gross sales. As of June 30
 2020
 the Company had&#13;    receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five&#13;    accounted for over 10% of the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six&#13;customers









 Receivables
 Other Current&#13;    Assets
 Short-Term Debt
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=font-size: 7pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=font-size: 7pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to&#13;    sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.&#13;    To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC Topic&#13;    820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.&#13;    The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities&#13;    (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=font-size: 7pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based&#13;    on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=font-size: 7pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based&#13;    on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities&#13;    in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other&#13;    inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=font-size: 7pt; vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 7pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based&#13;    on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions

935
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;2
935
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
935
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
935

748
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
748
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
748
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
748

590

590

590

590

306

306

306

306

 2020 and 2019
 respectively the Company had outstanding derivative liabilities
&#13;including those from related parties of $1
590
638 and $1
306
748


935
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;2
935
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
935
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
935

748
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
748
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
748
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
748

590

590

590

590

306

306

306

306


 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of&#13;                           basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures&#13;                           and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the&#13;                           numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
&#13;                           basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number&#13;                           of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon&#13;                           the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by&#13;                           applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised&#13;                           at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)

638
241 and 8
538
462 shares of the Company's common stock are not included in&#13;        the computation for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Additionally
 there are 1
155
000 and&#13;        1
155
000 warrants that are exercisable into shares of stock as of June 30
 2020 and June 30
 2019

412

598

412

598

443

827


412

598

412

598

443

827

    


    
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2020
 the Company had receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted for over 10% of the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers


000
000 shares 10
000 shares are designated as Series A preferred Stock Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast 100


 Mr. Folkson owns 1
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (A Stock) which votes with the common stock and has an aggregate of 100
000

    
    

 derivative liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies



 the relative&#13;        fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is&#13;        amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs


 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine&#13;        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments&#13;        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at&#13;        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative&#13;        financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features&#13;        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate&#13;        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management&#13;        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion&#13;        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt



 and
 therefore

 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases


 to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
 (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In addition
 this revenue generation requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing


 such as freight and handling costs. The Company has elected to treat these costs as fulfillment activities&#13;        and recognizes these costs at the same time that it recognizes the underlying product revenue. As this policy election is in line&#13;        with the Company's previous accounting practices
 the treatment of shipping and handling activities under FASB Topic 606&#13;        did not have any impact on the Company's results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which updates revenue recognition guidance relating to contracts with customers. This standard states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods therein
 beginning after July 1

 then in accordance with ASC 606-10-32-26
 the entity should account for it the same way that it accounts for other purchases from suppliers (expense). Further

 if the consideration payable to a customer is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price
 &lt;i&gt;an entity shall recognize the reduction of revenue when (or as) the later of either of the following events occurs: &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;a)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;The entity recognizes revenue for the transfer of the related goods or services to the customer.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;b)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and as a result


 2019 filing
 during&#13;the interims review and based on such reviews
 the following determinations were made by the Company:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Error in Accounting for Slotting and Set-up Fees&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;During our review
 we determined that the accounting treatment&#13;for the recognition of slotting fees and other fees paid or payable by the Company to certain strategic partners was incorrect.&#13;Specifically
 it has been determined that revenue relating to the slotting fee
 which was originally capitalized and amortized&#13;into expense over an 18-month period should instead be treated as a reduction in revenue at the later of recognition of revenue&#13;for the transfer of the Nightfood product or when the Company pays or promised to pay the slotting fee. In addition
 certain fees&#13;related to platforms to launch our products and advertising efforts should have been capitalized and recorded as an intangible&#13;asset. The Company previously recorded a portion of this fee as an intangible asset &amp;#8211; placement fee and expensed the remaining&#13;amount as advertising expense in the Period Ended December 31
 2019.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with the guidance provided by the SEC's&#13;Staff Accounting Bulletin 99
 &lt;i&gt;Materiality&lt;/i&gt; (SAB 99) and Staff Accounting Bulletin 108
 &lt;i&gt;Considering the Effects&#13;of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements&lt;/i&gt; (SAB 108)
 the&#13;Company has determined that the impact of adjustments relating to the corrections of this accounting error are not material to&#13;previously issued annual audited and unaudited financial statements. Accordingly

 2019 &lt;sup&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously &lt;br /&gt; Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Balance Sheet&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;482
667&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;487
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;970
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
955
272&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;223
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
178
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Working capital (deficit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
472
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
208
438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;482
667&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;487
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;970
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
955
272&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;223
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
178
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total stockholders' deficit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
472
605&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
208


 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously &lt;br /&gt; Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Balance Sheet&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;858
216&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;387
917&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1
246
133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
287
252&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
151
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
438
918&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Working capital (deficit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
429
036&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(763
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
192
785&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;858
216&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
221
250&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
079
466&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
287
252&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
151
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
438
918&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total stockholders' deficit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
429
036&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;69
584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
359

 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously &lt;br /&gt; Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidate Balance Sheet&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;577
944&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;408
294&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;986
238&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
514
446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;249
007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
763
453&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Working capital (deficit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
936
502&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;159
287&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
777
215&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
550
298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;102
607&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
652
905&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
514
446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;249
007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4
763
453&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Total stockholders' deficit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
964
148&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(146
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
110

 2019 &lt;sup&gt;(A)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Statements of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;352
172&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;352
172&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
263
722&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
999
555&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
911
550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
647
383&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
686
793&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
686
793&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4
598
343&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;264
167&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4
334


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Statements of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;206
497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(160
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;46
497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;570
858&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(229
584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;341
274&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(364
361&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;69
584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(294
777&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;218
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;218
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(583
164&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;69
584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(513

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Statements of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;379
488&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(271
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;107
782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
326
290&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(125
306&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
200
984&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(946
802&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(146
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
093
202&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;557
320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;557
320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
504
122&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(146
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
650

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Previously Reported&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Adjustments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As Corrected&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: justify&gt;Consolidated Statements of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;172
991&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(111
706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;61
285&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;755
432&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;104
278&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;859
710&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(582
441&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(215
984&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(798
425&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;338
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;338
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(920
958&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(215
984&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1
136


 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine&#13;        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments&#13;        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at&#13;        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative&#13;        financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features&#13;        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate&#13;        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management&#13;        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion&#13;        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt




&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#160;30







 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries
&#13;        NightFood
 Inc. and MJ Munchies

 derivative&#13;    liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income&#13;    taxes and contingencies


 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of&#13;        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying&#13;        debt occurs

 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the&#13;    note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion&#13;    of the underlying debt occurs

 along with free-standing derivative&#13;    instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining&#13;    the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the&#13;    embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares&#13;    at fair value
 relieves all related notes


 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;        Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to establish ASC Topic 606
 (ASC 606). ASU 2014-09 supersedes&#13;        the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry&#13;        Topics of the Codification. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer&#13;        of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled&#13;        in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the&#13;        contract(s) with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
&#13;        (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies&#13;        a performance obligation. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
Financial&#13;        Instruments &amp;#8211; Overall (Subtopic 825-10) &amp;#8211; Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
&#13;        which requires all investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair value to be measured at fair value with changes&#13;        in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those&#13;        that result in consolidation of the investee). ASU 2016-01 is intended to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments&#13;        to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information and removes the requirement to disclose the methods&#13;        and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance&#13;        sheet. For public companies
 the new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim&#13;        periods within the fiscal year. For all other entities
 including emerging growth companies
 ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual&#13;        periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company&#13;        evaluated the impact on the financial statements and implemented the provisions of ASU 2016-01 for the annual financial statements&#13;        for the year ended June 30

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;        2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard&#13;        in January 2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (ROU)&#13;        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets&#13;        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures&#13;        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash&#13;        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning&#13;        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11
&#13;        &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and Derivatives and Hedging&lt;/i&gt;
 which changes the accounting and&#13;        earnings per share for certain instruments with down round features. The amendments in this ASU should be applied using a cumulative-effect&#13;        adjustment as of the beginning of the fiscal year or retrospective adjustment to each period presented and is effective for annual&#13;        periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those periods. We adopted this guidance effective July&#13;        1

 the Financial Accounting&#13;        Standards Board (FASB) issued ASC Update No 2018-02 (Topic 220) Income Statement &amp;#8211; Reporting Comprehensive&#13;        Income: Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#160; This ASC update allows for a&#13;        reclassification into retained earnings of the stranded tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)&#13;        resulting from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). The updated guidance is effective for interim and&#13;        annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018.&amp;#160; We adopted this guidance effective July 1

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based&#13;        Payment Accounting
 to expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and&#13;        services from nonemployees and supersedes the guidance in Subtopic 505-50
 Equity - Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&#13;        Under ASU 2018-07
 equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date fair value&#13;        on the grant date The probability of satisfying performance conditions must be considered for equity-classified nonemployee&#13;        share-based payment awards with such conditions. ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
&#13;        2018
 with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance effective July 1

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-09 to provide clarification and correction of errors to the Codification. The amendments in&#13;this update cover multiple Accounting Standards Updates. Some topics in the update may require transition guidance with effective&#13;dates for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. We adopted this guidance effective July 1

 market or foreign currency&#13;                           risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are&#13;                           derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments&#13;                           that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair&#13;                           value and then is revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated&#13;                           statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires&#13;                           bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity&#13;                           instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate&#13;                           fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt&#13;                           instruments
 management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible&#13;                           debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument&#13;                           is not considered conventional convertible debt


 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments


 investor relations
 new package design
 website&#13;    design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid&#13;    advertising.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company recorded advertising costs of $403
639 and $732
297 for the years ended June 30
 2020&#13;    and 2019

 and
 therefore

 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires&#13;    the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized&#13;    for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets&#13;    and liabilities and their respective tax bases

 to depict the transfer of promised goods or&#13;    services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange&#13;    for those goods or services. This includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the contract(s)&#13;    with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
 (iv) allocate&#13;    the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies&#13;    a performance obligation. In addition
 this revenue generation requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing


 such as freight and handling costs. The Company has elected&#13;        to treat these costs as fulfillment activities and recognizes these costs at the same time that it recognizes the underlying&#13;        product revenue. As this policy election is in line with the Company's previous accounting practices
 the treatment&#13;        of shipping and handling activities under FASB Topic 606 did not have any impact on the Company's results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which updates revenue recognition guidance relating&#13;    to contracts with customers. This standard states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised&#13;    goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in&#13;    exchange for those goods or services. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods therein
&#13;    beginning after July 1

 then in accordance with ASC 606-10-32-26
 the&#13;    entity should account for it the same way that it accounts for other purchases from suppliers (expense). Further

 if the consideration payable to a customer is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price
 &lt;i&gt;an&#13;    entity shall recognize the reduction of revenue when (or as) the later of either of the following events occurs: &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;a)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;The&#13;    entity recognizes revenue for the transfer of the related goods or services to the customer.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;b)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and as a result

 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To&#13;    mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management&#13;    believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30

 2020
 the Company had receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted&#13;                                    for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted for over 10% of&#13;                                    the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers


 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of&#13;        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying&#13;        debt occurs

 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the&#13;    note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion&#13;    of the underlying debt occurs

 along with free-standing derivative&#13;    instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining&#13;    the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the&#13;    embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares&#13;    at fair value
 relieves all related notes

 2020 and 2019

 Accounting for&#13;                    the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable&#13;                    intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying&#13;                    amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison&#13;                    of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such&#13;                    assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the&#13;                    carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported&#13;                    at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on&#13;                    quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals

 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and impaired $500
000 and $-0-

 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;a)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 65%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs&#13;    incurred in the planning stage&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;b)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs incurred&#13;    in the website application and infrastructure development stage&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;c)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs incurred&#13;    to develop graphics&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;d)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs incurred&#13;    to develop content&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;e)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;a)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;They do not have&#13;    any alternative future uses.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;b)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

&#13;    at ASC 350-50-25-7

 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and capitalized $1
000
000 and $-0-
 respectively

 market or foreign currency&#13;                           risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are&#13;                           derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments&#13;                           that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair&#13;                           value and then is revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated&#13;                           statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires&#13;                           bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity&#13;                           instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate&#13;                           fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt&#13;                           instruments
 management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible&#13;                           debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument&#13;                           is not considered conventional convertible debt


 2019 filing
 during the interims review and based on such reviews

&#13;    we determined that the accounting treatment for the recognition of slotting fees and other fees paid or payable by the Company&#13;    to certain strategic partners was incorrect. Specifically
 it has been determined that revenue relating to the slotting fee
&#13;    which was originally capitalized and amortized into expense over an 18-month period should instead be treated as a reduction&#13;    in revenue at the later of recognition of revenue for the transfer of the Nightfood product or when the Company pays or promised&#13;    to pay the slotting fee. In addition
 certain fees related to platforms to launch our products and advertising efforts should&#13;    have been capitalized and recorded as an intangible asset. The Company previously recorded a portion of this fee as an intangible&#13;    asset &amp;#8211; placement fee and expensed the remaining amount as advertising expense in the Period Ended December 31

 &lt;i&gt;Materiality&lt;/i&gt; (SAB 99) and Staff&#13;    Accounting Bulletin 108
 &lt;i&gt;Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current&#13;    Year Financial Statements &lt;/i&gt;(SAB 108)
 the Company has determined that the impact of adjustments relating&#13;    to the corrections of this accounting error are not material to previously issued annual audited and unaudited financial statements.&#13;    Accordingly





955


178

472


208




955


178

472


208





246

287

151

438

429


192


221

079

287

151

438

429


359





514


763

936


777

550


652

514


763

964


110




263


999

911


647

686

686

598


334





















326


200



093



504


650















136

    

 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs

    

 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes



    

 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments




 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company recorded advertising costs of $403
639 and $732
297 for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019


 2020
 the Company had receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted for over 10% of the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers


 2020 and 2019


 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30


 Accounting for&#13;                    the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable&#13;                    intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying&#13;                    amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison&#13;                    of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such&#13;                    assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the&#13;                    carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported&#13;                    at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on&#13;                    quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals

 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and impaired $500
000 and $-0-

 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;a)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 65%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs&#13;    incurred in the planning stage&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;b)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs incurred&#13;    in the website application and infrastructure development stage&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;c)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs incurred&#13;    to develop graphics&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;d)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs incurred&#13;    to develop content&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;e)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;a)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;They do not have&#13;    any alternative future uses.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;b)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

&#13;    at ASC 350-50-25-7

 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and capitalized $1
000
000 and $-0-
 respectively


    


576




602

602



327

327

482

482

794

794


748


117


148

148



684

684

709

709


935


330


 2013
 the Nightfood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly

000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share&#13;                           Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record&#13;                           on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a&#13;                           majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled&#13;                           to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available&#13;                           therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's&#13;                           assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend&#13;                           and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders&#13;                           of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company.&#13;                           There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock.&#13;                           All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares&#13;                           of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares&#13;                           of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their&#13;                           approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the&#13;                           Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out&#13;                           of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon&#13;                           liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription&#13;                           rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of&#13;                           debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred&#13;                           stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders&#13;                           of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders&#13;                           of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more&#13;                           than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors&#13;                           to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event

796
680 and 53
773
856 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30


385
990 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $308

666 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $88

056
168 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a fair value of $961


389 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $50
000

808 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $345
656

957 shares of common stock for payment of certain accounts payable liabilities with a fair value of $63
850

000 shares of common stock for the exercise of warrants valued at $120
000

959 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $95
805

247
414 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a&#13;                                         fair value of $1
327

 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded a Loss on fair value of&#13;                                         shares issued upon notes conversion of $977
000 and $2
736
601

000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share&#13;        Preferred Stock. Of the 1
000
000 shares 10
000 shares are designated as Series A preferred Stock Holders of Common Stock&#13;        are each entitled to cast 100

 Mr. Folkson owns 1
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (A&#13;        Stock) which votes with the common stock and has an aggregate of 100
000

000 warrants&#13;        shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not yet vested. These warrants were issued as compensation for a four-year&#13;        advisory agreement. 150
000 warrants vested on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another would vest 150
000&#13;        on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining 50
000 on July 24
 2021

 2020 is $28
025. The aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants&#13;        as of June 30
 2019 was $318














405


155













155

155















405


155













155

155


 2020 and 2019

 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise
 in the ordinary course of business.&#13;    However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time&#13;    to time that may harm our business. We are not aware of any such legal proceedings that we believe will have
 individually&#13;    or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on our business

 2020
 the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic which continues to&#13;    spread throughout the U.S. and the globe. In addition to the devastating effects on human life
 the pandemic is having a negative&#13;    ripple effect on the global economy
 leading to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. Most U.S. states&#13;    and many countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the further spread of the disease such as issuing temporary&#13;    Executive Orders that
 among other stipulations
 effectively prohibit in-person work activities for most industries and businesses
&#13;    having the effect of suspending or severely curtailing operations. COVID-19 and the U.S's response to the pandemic are&#13;    significantly affecting the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance as to the effect the COVID-19 pandemic&#13;    may have
 and
 as a result
 the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. The extent of the&#13;    ultimate impact of the pandemic on the Company's operational and financial performance will depend on various developments
&#13;    including the duration and spread of the outbreak
 which cannot be reasonably predicted at this time. Accordingly
 while management&#13;    reasonably expects the COVID-19 outbreak to negatively impact the Company


 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $347
000 of principal and $36
448.23 of interest of outstanding&#13;    notes to stock. The average conversion price in these transactions was $.117. 3
288

 2020&#13;    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and security purchase agreement dated and funded August 12
 2020
 in&#13;    the amount of $205
700. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;On October 13
 2020 the Company entered into a convertible promissory&#13;note and security purchase agreement dated and funded October 13
 2020
 in the amount of $205
700. The lender was Eagle Equities


 Inc. (the Company) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued&#13;    and outstanding shares of Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All&#13;    of its operations are conducted by its two subsidiaries: Nightfood
 Inc. (Nightfood) and MJ Munchies
 Inc.(&#13;    Munchies). &amp;#160;&amp;#160;Nightfood's business model is to manufacture and distribute ice cream specifically&#13;    formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly&#13;    way.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Munchies has acquired a portfolio of intellectual property around the brand name Half-Baked



 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;        Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to establish ASC Topic 606
 (ASC 606). ASU 2014-09 supersedes&#13;        the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry&#13;        Topics of the Codification. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer&#13;        of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled&#13;        in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the&#13;        contract(s) with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
&#13;        (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies&#13;        a performance obligation. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
Financial&#13;        Instruments &amp;#8211; Overall (Subtopic 825-10) &amp;#8211; Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
&#13;        which requires all investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair value to be measured at fair value with changes&#13;        in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those&#13;        that result in consolidation of the investee). ASU 2016-01 is intended to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments&#13;        to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information and removes the requirement to disclose the methods&#13;        and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance&#13;        sheet. For public companies
 the new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim&#13;        periods within the fiscal year. For all other entities
 including emerging growth companies
 ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual&#13;        periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company&#13;        evaluated the impact on the financial statements and implemented the provisions of ASU 2016-01 for the annual financial statements&#13;        for the year ended June 30

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;        2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard&#13;        in January 2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (ROU)&#13;        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets&#13;        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures&#13;        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash&#13;        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning&#13;        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11
&#13;        &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and Derivatives and Hedging&lt;/i&gt;
 which changes the accounting and&#13;        earnings per share for certain instruments with down round features. The amendments in this ASU should be applied using a cumulative-effect&#13;        adjustment as of the beginning of the fiscal year or retrospective adjustment to each period presented and is effective for annual&#13;        periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those periods. We adopted this guidance effective July&#13;        1

 the Financial Accounting&#13;        Standards Board (FASB) issued ASC Update No 2018-02 (Topic 220) Income Statement &amp;#8211; Reporting Comprehensive&#13;        Income: Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#160; This ASC update allows for a&#13;        reclassification into retained earnings of the stranded tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)&#13;        resulting from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). The updated guidance is effective for interim and&#13;        annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018.&amp;#160; We adopted this guidance effective July 1

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based&#13;        Payment Accounting
 to expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and&#13;        services from nonemployees and supersedes the guidance in Subtopic 505-50
 Equity - Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&#13;        Under ASU 2018-07
 equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date fair value&#13;        on the grant date The probability of satisfying performance conditions must be considered for equity-classified nonemployee&#13;        share-based payment awards with such conditions. ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
&#13;        2018
 with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance effective July 1

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-09 to provide clarification and correction of errors to the Codification. The amendments in&#13;this update cover multiple Accounting Standards Updates. Some topics in the update may require transition guidance with effective&#13;dates for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. We adopted this guidance effective July 1

    

 which contemplate the realization&#13;    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Because the business is new and has&#13;    limited operating history and relatively few sales

 2020
 the Company had a&#13;                                         net loss of $4
412
063
 negative cash flow from operations of $1
531
084 and accumulated&#13;                                         deficit of $17
631
122. Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address&#13;                                         its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve&#13;                                         months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital&#13;                                         from additional debt and equity financing. However

 of which it can give no assurance of success. However
&#13;    the Company has a strong ongoing relationship with Eagle Equities and we expect to be able to continue to finance our operations&#13;    as we have over the previous several quarters
 although no assurance can be guaranteed. We believe that our current capitalization&#13;    structure
 combined with ongoing increases in revenues
 will enable us to successfully secure required financing to continue&#13;    our growth. In the short term
 the Company plans to continue to take advantage of convertible notes as a financing vehicle
&#13;    as it allows for today's operating capital to be either repaid

 no certainty of continuation can be stated. Management has&#13;    devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However

 the Company cannot give any&#13;                                         assurance that it will
 in the future

&#13;                                         we are subject to the continued impact of COVID-19



 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement&#13;                           dated April 30
 2018
 in the amount of $225
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have&#13;                           a maturity of April 30
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60%&#13;                           of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's Common Stock&#13;                           is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
&#13;                           but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component&#13;                           to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation&#13;                           under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging. The fair value of the $225
000 Notes was calculated&#13;                           using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $287
174
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest&#13;                           rate of 2.24%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 202%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because&#13;                           the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $225k Notes
 a charge was recorded to&#13;                           Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge of $62
174.&#13;                           As of June 30
 2020 and 2019

 2018
 the Company received cash in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and Securities Purchase Agreement&#13;        dated June 5
 2018. The note was in the amount of in the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes&#13;        have a maturity of June 6
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest&#13;        closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen&#13;        (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with&#13;        the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies&#13;        for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging. The fair value of the&#13;        $210
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $265
498
 with the following assumptions: risk-free&#13;        interest rate of 2.09%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 200%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the&#13;        fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $210k Notes
 a charge was recorded to Financing cost&#13;        for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge of $55
498. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount&#13;        was $0. This note has been successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company&#13;        fair valued the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $180

 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated July 12
&#13;        2018
 in the amount of $207
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of July 12
 2019 and interest&#13;        rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market&#13;        on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion.&#13;        The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component&#13;        to satisfy the note with cash The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
&#13;        Derivatives and Hedging. The fair value of the $207
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing&#13;        model at $257
842
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.59%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility&#13;        of 183%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $207k&#13;        Notes
 a charge was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge&#13;        of $50
842. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $1
134

 2020. The Company fair valued&#13;    the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $73

 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase&#13;                                    agreement dated November 16
 2018
 in the amount of $130
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
&#13;                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 16
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and&#13;                                    are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market&#13;                                    on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days&#13;                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association&#13;                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;                                    and Hedging. The fair value of the $130
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes&#13;                                    pricing model at $131
898
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.71%
&#13;                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 150%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because&#13;                                    the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $130k Notes
 a charge was recorded&#13;                                    to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge&#13;                                    of $1
898. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $48
795

 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as&#13;    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $19

 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase&#13;                                    agreement dated December 18
 2018
 in the amount of $130
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
&#13;                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 18
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and&#13;                                    are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market&#13;                                    on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days&#13;                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association&#13;                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;                                    and Hedging. The fair value of the $130
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes&#13;                                    pricing model at $128
976
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.64%
&#13;                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 144%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because&#13;                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $130k Notes
 no charge&#13;                                    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note.&#13;                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $60
425

 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as&#13;    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $36

 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security&#13;                                         purchase agreement dated January 28
 2019
 in the amount of $234
000. The lender was&#13;                                         Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of January 28
 2020 and interest rate&#13;                                         of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price&#13;                                         on the primary trading market on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed&#13;                                         for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
&#13;                                         but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion&#13;                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative&#13;                                         accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging. The&#13;                                         fair value of the $234
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model&#13;                                         at $226
452
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.60%
 expected&#13;                                         life of 1 year
 volatility of 135%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the&#13;                                         fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $234k Notes
 no charge&#13;                                         was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the&#13;                                         note. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $131
528

 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as&#13;    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $80

 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase&#13;                                    agreement dated February 14
 2019
 in the amount of $104
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
&#13;                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 14
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum and&#13;                                    are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market&#13;                                    on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days&#13;                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association&#13;                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;                                    and Hedging. The fair value of the $104
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes&#13;                                    pricing model at $90
567
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.53%
&#13;                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 136%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because&#13;                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $104k Notes
 no charge&#13;                                    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note.&#13;                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $56
821
 respectively. $50
000&#13;                                    of the note has been successfully retired via conversion into shares during the year ended&#13;                                    June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a&#13;                                    loss on conversion of $4

 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase&#13;                                    agreement dated April 29
 2019
 in the amount of $208
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
&#13;                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 29
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are&#13;                                    convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market&#13;                                    on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days&#13;                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association&#13;                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;                                    and Hedging. The fair value of the $208
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes&#13;                                    pricing model at $170
098
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.42%
&#13;                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because&#13;                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the 208k Notes
 no charge&#13;                                    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note.&#13;                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $141
204

 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 11
 2019
 in&#13;    the amount of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 11
 2020 and interest rate of&#13;    8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;    and Hedging. The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $240
217
&#13;    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.05%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 16%
 and expected&#13;    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300k Notes
 no charge&#13;    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
&#13;    the debt discount was $0 and $227
713

 2019
&#13;    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated July 5
 2019
 in the amount&#13;    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of July 5
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum&#13;    and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's&#13;    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but&#13;    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.&#13;    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $239
759
 with the following&#13;    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.98%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected dividend yield of&#13;    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the 300k Notes
 no charge was recorded to Financing&#13;    cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $2

 2019
&#13;    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated August 8
 2019
 in the amount&#13;    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of August 8
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum&#13;    and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's&#13;    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but&#13;    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.&#13;    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $254
082
 with the following&#13;    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.79%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of&#13;    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300k Notes
 no charge was recorded to Financing&#13;    cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $26

 2019
&#13;    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated August 29
 2019
 in the amount&#13;    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of August 29
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per&#13;    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's&#13;    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but&#13;    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.&#13;    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $234
052
 with the following&#13;    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.75%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of&#13;    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300
000 Notes
 no charge was recorded to&#13;    Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $37

&#13;    2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 24
 2019
 in&#13;    the amount of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of September 24
 2020 and interest rate&#13;    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;    and Hedging. The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $118
009
&#13;    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.78%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected&#13;    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 no charge&#13;    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount&#13;    was $27

 2019
&#13;    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November 7
 2019
 in the amount&#13;    of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 7
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per&#13;    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's&#13;    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but&#13;    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.&#13;    The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $121
875
 with the following&#13;    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.58%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 122%
 and expected dividend yield of&#13;    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 no charge was recorded to Financing&#13;    cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $43

 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 31
 2019
&#13;    in the amount of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 31
 2020 and interest&#13;    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on&#13;    which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The&#13;    note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to&#13;    satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;    and Hedging. The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $189
172
&#13;    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.59%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 115%
 and expected&#13;    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 $39
172 was recorded&#13;    to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $75

 2020
&#13;    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated February 6
 2020
 in the amount&#13;    of $200
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 6
 2021 and interest rate of 8% per&#13;    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's&#13;    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but&#13;    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.&#13;    The fair value of the $200
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $156
061
 with the following&#13;    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.51%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of&#13;    zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $94

&#13;    2020
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated February 26
 2020
 in&#13;    the amount of $187
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 6
 2021 and interest rate&#13;    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;    and Hedging. The fair value of the $187
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $150
268
&#13;    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.18%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected&#13;    dividend yield of zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $99

 2020
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 30
 2020
 in&#13;    the amount of $205
700. This note carried an Original Discount of 10% or $18
700 which was included in interest expense at&#13;    the time of valuation. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 30
 2021 and interest rate of&#13;    8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 78% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives&#13;    and Hedging. The fair value of the $205
700 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $128
369
&#13;    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.16%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 106%
 and expected&#13;    dividend yield of zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $106

 2020
&#13;    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 23
 2020
 in the amount&#13;    of $205
700. This note carried an Original Discount of 10% or $18
700 which was included in interest expense at the time of&#13;    valuation. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 23
 2021 and interest rate of 8% per annum&#13;    and are convertible at a price of 78% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's&#13;    Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but&#13;    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&#13;    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.&#13;    The fair value of the $205
700 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $132
236
 with the following&#13;    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.18%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 108%
 and expected dividend yield of&#13;    zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $129



576




602

602



327

327

482

482

794

794


748


117


148

148



684

684

709

709


935


330


































































	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Inputs



      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 ($0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 and 1
000 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2020 and 2019




 ($0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 and 61
796
680 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2020 and 53
773
856 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2019



      


      


      


      






































      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      


      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Capitalized
 Prepaid



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      






      

      






      


      

      


      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      

















































































      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      





















      


      






      






      






      
















      






      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern


      

      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Gain (Loss)



 Net


      





 Value



 Shares


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      




      




      

      


 Converted Instrument


      


 Stock Issued






 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate





      

      























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2020
Oct. 12
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019













 Inc.













































  2020















































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



044
297
























































690
126

































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











622


142



Accounts receivable (net of allowance of $0 and $0
 respectively)

013


086





605


439





085


000





325


667





325


667












286
149


809





974


974





625







330
189


117
741





590
638


306
748





897







413
472


955
272

















Preferred stock
 ($0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 and 1
000 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively)






Common stock
 ($0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 and 61
796
680 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2020 and 53
773
856 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2019
 respectively)

797


774





088
177


692
679





631
122)


219
059)





481
147)


472
605)





325


667




































Amount of liabilities incurred to vendors for goods and services received
 and accrued liabilities classified as other
 payable within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019









Accounts receivable
 net of allowance






Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

000


000



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

796
680


773
856



Common stock
 shares outstanding

796
680


773
856







Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019









Revenues
 net of slotting and promotion

673


162












131


251





000







000







639


297



Selling
 general and administrative

072


996





706


178





965
548


263
722





723
875)


911
550)



















387


805





572


223



Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net

781







774)


627





709
759


794
359












688
188


686
793












412
063)


598
343)












443
347


827
114



































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))





















































































The difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt recognized currently as a component of income in the period of extinguishment
 net of tax.




























Aggregate net gain (loss) on all derivative instruments recognized in earnings during the period
 before tax effects.












































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)























































Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Jun. 30
 2018

608




919
152


620
714)


658
954)



Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2018

608
329

















172




657



Common stock issued for services
 shares

808


000















137




805



Common stock issued for interest
 shares

959

















916




000



Common stock issued for cash
 shares

389

















568




850



Common stock issued for accounts payable
 shares

957

















426




826



Issuance of warrants
 shares

000













248




318
705




327
953



Issuance of common stock for debt
 shares

247
414

















736
601




736
601











598
343)


598
343)



Balance at Jun. 30
 2019

774


000


692
677


219
059)


472
605)



Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2019

773
856











Balance at Jun. 30
 2019

774


000


692
677


219
059)


472
605)



Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2019

773
856











Balance at Jun. 30
 2019

774


000


692
677


219
059)


472
605)



Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2019

773
856













386




382




768



Common stock issued for services
 shares

385
990

















181




762



Common stock issued for interest
 shares

666













056




944




000



Issuance of common stock for debt
 shares

056
168

















990




990









000




000











412
063)


412
063)



Balance at Jun. 30
 2020

797




088
177


631
122)


481
147)



Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2020

796
680


000












































































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











412
063)


598
343)












768


656





709
759


794
359





000







572







990


826



Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion
 net

781







774)


699





762


805





000














927)


086)





834


230)





085)


210





673


878





626


001)





531
084)


567
227)












333)







333)
















000





028
000


602
005







076)





897


000)





031
897


548
929





480


298



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

142


440



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

622


142

































684
711


482
314





000


327
953





219







667







762


805



























































































































































































































































































































































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the period in the carrying value of derivative instruments reported as liabilities that are due to be disposed of within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.






















































































The cash outflow from the repayment of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






    
    
Nightfood
    Holdings
 Inc. (the Company) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued
    and outstanding shares of Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&#160;&#160;All
    of its operations are conducted by its two subsidiaries: Nightfood
 Inc. (Nightfood) and MJ Munchies
 Inc.(
    Munchies). &#160;&#160;Nightfood's business model is to manufacture and distribute ice cream specifically
    formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly
    way.&#160;&#160;Munchies has acquired a portfolio of intellectual property around the brand name Half-Baked
 and is seeking
    to license such property to operating partners in the CBD and marijuana space.




    
    
    
The
    Company's fiscal year end is June 30.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company currently
    maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown
 New York.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
    
    
Management
        is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company's financial statements
 prepared in accordance with U.S.
        generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
        
The
        consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries
        NightFood
 Inc. and MJ Munchies
 Inc. The Company consolidates all majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries in accordance
        with applicable standards. All material intercompany accounts and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The preparation
    of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
    and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
    at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
    results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of beneficial conversion features
 derivative
    liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income
    taxes and contingencies
 among others.

    
    
    
    

    
Beneficial Conversion
    Feature
    
For
        conventional convertible debt where the rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company records any beneficial
        conversion feature (BCF) intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        
When
        the Company records a BCF
 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of
        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying
        debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company may
    pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not or with other
    consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of
    operations as amortization of debt discount.

    
    
    
    

    
Original Issue
    Discount
    
If debt is issued
    with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the
    note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion
    of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
Valuation of
    Derivative Instruments
    
ASC 815 Derivatives
    and Hedging requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative
    instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining
    the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the
    embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares
    at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.





    
    
    
The Company may make certain reclassifications to prior period amounts to conform with the current year's presentation. These reclassifications did not have a material effect on its consolidated statement of financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    


        Accounting Standard Board's updates periodically to ensure the Company's compliance of its accounting policies and
        disclosure requirements to the Codification Topics.
        

 the Financial Accounting Standards
        Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to establish ASC Topic 606
 (ASC 606). ASU 2014-09 supersedes
        the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry
        Topics of the Codification. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
        of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
        in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the
        contract(s) with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
        (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies
        a performance obligation. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue
        and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
        

        on July 1
 2018 and did not have a material impact on our financial statements.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
Financial
        Instruments &#8211; Overall (Subtopic 825-10) &#8211; Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
        which requires all investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair value to be measured at fair value with changes
        in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those
        that result in consolidation of the investee). ASU 2016-01 is intended to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments
        to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information and removes the requirement to disclose the methods
        and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance
        sheet. For public companies
 the new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim
        periods within the fiscal year. For all other entities
 including emerging growth companies
 ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual
        periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company
        evaluated the impact on the financial statements and implemented the provisions of ASU 2016-01 for the annual financial statements
        for the year ended June 30
 2020. &#160;This new standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements or related
        disclosures.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard
        in January 2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (ROU)
        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures
        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash
        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning
        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available.
        

        July 1
 2019. We have reviewed this and have determined that there is no material impact on our financial statements.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and Derivatives and Hedging
 which changes the accounting and
        earnings per share for certain instruments with down round features. The amendments in this ASU should be applied using a cumulative-effect
        adjustment as of the beginning of the fiscal year or retrospective adjustment to each period presented and is effective for annual
        periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those periods. We adopted this guidance effective July
        1
adoption of this guidance did not materially impact our financial statements
        and related disclosures
        

 the Financial Accounting
        Standards Board (FASB) issued ASC Update No 2018-02 (Topic 220) Income Statement &#8211; Reporting Comprehensive
        Income: Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#160; This ASC update allows for a
        reclassification into retained earnings of the stranded tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)
        resulting from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). The updated guidance is effective for interim and
        annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018.&#160; We adopted this guidance effective July 1

        





    
    
    
In
        June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based
        Payment Accounting
 to expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and
        services from nonemployees and supersedes the guidance in Subtopic 505-50
 Equity - Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.
        Under ASU 2018-07
 equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date fair value
        on the grant date The probability of satisfying performance conditions must be considered for equity-classified nonemployee
        share-based payment awards with such conditions. ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
        2018
 with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance effective July 1

        

In
July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-09 to provide clarification and correction of errors to the Codification. The amendments in
this update cover multiple Accounting Standards Updates. Some topics in the update may require transition guidance with effective
dates for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. We adopted this guidance effective July 1



The
        Company will continue to monitor these emerging issues to assess any potential future impact on its financial statements.

    
    
    
    

    
Derivative
    Financial Instruments
    
The
                           Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency
                           risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are
                           derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
                           that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair
                           value and then is revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated
                           statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires
                           bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity
                           instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
                           fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt
                           instruments
 management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible
                           debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument
                           is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its evaluation process of
                           these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        
Once
        determined
 derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase
        or decrease in the fair value from inception is made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair
        market value of derivative liabilities.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company classifies
    as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities
    of three months or less at the time of purchase.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Statement of financial
    accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose
    estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for
    assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Inventories consisting
    of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or net realizable value
 including provisions for
    spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period
    spoilage is incurred.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Advertising costs
    are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations.
    &#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website
    design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid
    advertising.&#160;&#160;The Company recorded advertising costs of $403
639 and $732
297 for the years ended June 30
 2020
    and 2019
 respectively.






    
    
    
The
    Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Deferred income
    taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those
    reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires
    the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized
    for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
    and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
    are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
    are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable
    to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.




    
    
    
A valuation
    allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than
    not that the assets will be utilized.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company's
    effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent and temporary
    timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.




    
    
    
The
    Company generates its revenue by selling its nighttime snack products wholesale and direct to consumer.




    
    
    
All
    sources of revenue are recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 606 Revenue Recognition
 to depict the transfer of promised goods or
    services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
    for those goods or services. This includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the contract(s)
    with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
 (iv) allocate
    the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies
    a performance obligation. In addition
 this revenue generation requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty
    of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company offers
    sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising
    related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed
    by the customer. &#160;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
        Company revenue from contracts with customers provides that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
        of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to
        be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.&#160;
        
The
        Company incurs costs associated with product distribution
 such as freight and handling costs. The Company has elected
        to treat these costs as fulfillment activities and recognizes these costs at the same time that it recognizes the underlying
        product revenue. As this policy election is in line with the Company's previous accounting practices
 the treatment
        of shipping and handling activities under FASB Topic 606 did not have any impact on the Company's results of operations
        financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.
        
The
        adoption of ASC 606 did not result in a change to the accounting for any of the Company's revenue streams that are
        within the scope of the amendments. The Company's services that fall within the scope of ASC 606 are recognized
        as revenue as the Company satisfies its obligation to the customer.




    
    
    
In May
    2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which updates revenue recognition guidance relating
    to contracts with customers. This standard states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
    goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
    exchange for those goods or services. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods therein
    beginning after July 1
 2018. The Company adopted ASU 2014-09 and its related amendments (collectively known as ASC
    606) during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 using the full retrospective method.




    
    
    
Management
    reviewed ASC 606-10-32-25 which states 




    
    
    
If the
    consideration payable to a customer is a payment for a distinct good service
 then in accordance with ASC 606-10-32-26
 the
    entity should account for it the same way that it accounts for other purchases from suppliers (expense). Further
 




    
    
    
Under
    ASC 606-10-32-27
 if the consideration payable to a customer is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Management
    reviewed each arrangement to determine if each fee paid is for a distinct good or service and should be expensed as incurred
    or if the Company should recognize the payment as a reduction of revenue.

    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
The
    Company recognizes revenue upon shipment based on meeting the transfer of control criteria. The Company has made a policy
    election to treat shipping and handling as costs to fulfill the contract
 and as a result
 any fees received from customers
    are included in the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation of providing goods with a corresponding amount
    accrued within cost of sales for amounts paid to applicable carriers.




    
Concentration of Credit
    Risk
    
Financial
    instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at
    financial institutions.&#160;&#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&#160;&#160;To
    mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&#160;&#160;Management
    believes the risk of loss is minimal.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2020 and 2019 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
As
                                    of June 30
 2020
 the Company had receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted
                                    for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted for over 10% of
                                    the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers
                                    three of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
For
                                    conventional convertible debt where the rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company
                                    records any beneficial conversion feature (BCF) intrinsic value
                                    as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        
When
        the Company records a BCF
 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of
        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying
        debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.




    
    
    
The
    Company may pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not
    or with other consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the
    statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
If debt is issued
    with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the
    note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion
    of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC 815 Derivatives
    and Hedging requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative
    instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining
    the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the
    embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares
    at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.&#160;




    
    
Net
                                         income per share data for both the years ending June 30
 2020 and 2019
 is based on net
                                         income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average of the number
                                         of common shares outstanding.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
                    Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for
                    the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable
                    intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                    amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison
                    of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such
                    assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the
                    carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported
                    at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on
                    quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.
        
During
        the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and impaired $500
000 and $-0-
 respectively as impairment
        on intangible asset
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Further
    at ASC 350-50-25-7
 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During
    the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and capitalized $1
000
000 and $-0-
 respectively
 under
    ASC 350-50 and accounted as an intangible asset and amortized the costs over the life of the relationship.

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
The
                           Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency
                           risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are
                           derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
                           that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair
                           value and then is revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated
                           statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires
                           bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity
                           instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
                           fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt
                           instruments
 management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible
                           debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument
                           is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its evaluation process of
                           these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        
Once
        determined
 derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase
        or decrease in the fair value from inception is made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair
        market value of derivative liabilities.




    
Restatement of Prior Financial
    Information
    
Subsequent
    to Form 10K for the year ended June 30
 2019 filing
 during the interims review and based on such reviews
 the following determinations
    were made by the Company:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Error in Accounting
    for Slotting and Set-up Fees

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During our review
    we determined that the accounting treatment for the recognition of slotting fees and other fees paid or payable by the Company
    to certain strategic partners was incorrect. Specifically
 it has been determined that revenue relating to the slotting fee
    which was originally capitalized and amortized into expense over an 18-month period should instead be treated as a reduction
    in revenue at the later of recognition of revenue for the transfer of the Nightfood product or when the Company pays or promised
    to pay the slotting fee. In addition
 certain fees related to platforms to launch our products and advertising efforts should
    have been capitalized and recorded as an intangible asset. The Company previously recorded a portion of this fee as an intangible
    asset &#8211; placement fee and expensed the remaining amount as advertising expense in the Period Ended December 31
 2019.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
In accordance with
    the guidance provided by the SEC's Staff Accounting Bulletin 99
 (SAB 99) and Staff
    Accounting Bulletin 108

    Year Financial Statements 
 the Company has determined that the impact of adjustments relating
    to the corrections of this accounting error are not material to previously issued annual audited and unaudited financial statements.
    Accordingly
 these changes are disclosed herein and will be disclosed prospectively.




    
As
    of June 30
 2019 

    
Previously
    
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Balance Sheet
    
    
    

Current
    assets
482
667
487
500
970
167

    
2
955
272
223
333
3
178
605

Working capital
    (deficit)
(2
472
605
264
167
(2
208
438

    
482
667
487
500
970
167

    
2
955
272
223
333
3
178
605

Total stockholders'
    deficit
(2
472
605
264
167
(2
208
438



The
                                         balance sheet impact of the errors was corrected in the quarter ended September 30
 2019.




    
As
    of September 30
 2019

    
Previously
    
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Balance Sheet
    
    
    

Current
    assets
858
216
387
917
1
246
133

    
3
287
252
1
151
666
4
438
918

Working capital
    (deficit)
(2
429
036
(763
749
(3
192
785

    
858
216
1
221
250
2
079
466

    
3
287
252
1
151
666
4
438
918

Total stockholders'
    deficit
(2
429
036
69
584
(2
359
452




    
As
    of December 31
 2019

    
Previously
    
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidate
    Balance Sheet
    
    
    

Current
    assets
577
944
408
294
986
238

    
4
514
446
249
007
4
763
453

Working capital
    (deficit)
(3
936
502
159
287
(3
777
215

    
1
550
298
102
607
1
652
905

    
4
514
446
249
007
4
763
453

Total stockholders'
    deficit
(2
964
148
(146
400
(3
110
548




    
For
    the Year Ended June 30
 2019 

    
Previously
    Reported
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    
    
    

    
352
172
    
352
172

    
2
263
722
(264
167
1
999
555

    
(1
911
550
264
167
(1
647
383

    
2
686
793
    
2
686
793

    
(4
598
343
264
167
(4
334
176

Basic &#38; diluted
    EPS
    
    
    



The
                                         income statement impact of the errors was corrected in the quarter ended September 30
                                         2019.




    
For

September
                                         30
 2019

    
Previously
    Reported
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    
    
    

    
206
497
(160
000
46
497

    
570
858
(229
584
341
274

    
(364
361
69
584
(294
777

    
218
803
    
218
803

    
(583
164
69
584
(513
580

Basic &#38; diluted
    EPS
    
    
    




    
For

December
                                         31
 2019

    
Previously
    Reported
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    
    
    

    
379
488
(271
706
107
782

    
1
326
290
(125
306
1
200
984

    
(946
802
(146
400
(1
093
202

    
557
320
    
557
320

    
(1
504
122
(146
400
(1
650
522

Basic &#38; diluted
    EPS
    
    
    




    
For

December
                                         31
 2019

    
Previously
    Reported
    
As
    Corrected

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    
    
    

    
172
991
(111
706
61
285

    
755
432
104
278
859
710

    
(582
441
(215
984
(798
425

    
338
517
    
338
517

    
(920
958
(215
984
(1
136
942

Basic &#38; diluted
    EPS
    
    
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
The
    Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&#160;&#160;Because the business is new and has
    limited operating history and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.




    
    
    
The
                                         accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company
                                         will continue as a going concern. For the year ended June 30
 2020
 the Company had a
                                         net loss of $4
412
063
 negative cash flow from operations of $1
531
084 and accumulated
                                         deficit of $17
631
122. Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address
                                         its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve
                                         months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital
                                         from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company's ability to continue
                                         as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity
                                         financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the
                                         necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.




    
    
    
The
    Company has limited available cash resources and we do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing
    working capital needs. The Company is continuing to raise capital through private placement of our common stock and through
    the use of convertible notes to finance the Company's operations
 of which it can give no assurance of success. However
    the Company has a strong ongoing relationship with Eagle Equities and we expect to be able to continue to finance our operations
    as we have over the previous several quarters
 although no assurance can be guaranteed. We believe that our current capitalization
    structure
 combined with ongoing increases in revenues
 will enable us to successfully secure required financing to continue
    our growth. In the short term
 the Company plans to continue to take advantage of convertible notes as a financing vehicle
    as it allows for today's operating capital to be either repaid
 or converted to equity at future valuations.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Because
    the business is new and has limited operating history and sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated. Management has
    devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company's
    ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating
    revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Even
                                         if the Company is successful in raising additional funds
 the Company cannot give any
                                         assurance that it will
 in the future
 be able to achieve a level of profitability from
                                         the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
                                         doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
                                         financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
                                         on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification of
                                         liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
                                                     
Further
                                         we are subject to the continued impact of COVID-19
 as further discussed below. See footnote
                                         18.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for reporting when there is a substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time (generally a year from the balance sheet date). Disclose: (a) pertinent conditions and events giving rise to the assessment of substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time
 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substa









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
The Company's accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company's snack products. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
 collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 days or less. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has not provided any sales allowances for June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
During the year
    ended June 30
 2020
 one customer accounted for greater than 10% of gross sales. As of June 30
 2020
 the Company had
    receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five
    accounted for over 10% of the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six
customers
 three of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. 





































The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
Inventories consists of the following at June 30
 2020 and 2019.




    
    
    

    
    
30
800

    
195
817
346
229

    
26
309
25
477

    
53
479
3
933

    
275
605
406
439




    
    
    


lower of cost (FIFO) or net realizable value. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs
or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs and
write-offs are charged to loss on inventory write down.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]







    
    
    
Other current assets consist of the following vendor deposits at June 30
 2020 and 2019. The majority of this amount relates to deposits towards distribution and marketing partnerships i.e. slotting fees.




    
    
June 30

2020
    
    
June&#160;30

2019
    

    
    
    
398
045
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
398
085
    
    
    
1
000
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020







Intangible
Assets



at June 30
 2020 and 2019. The amount of the intangible assets represents fees and expenses in connection with the development
and launch of platforms used to track conversions
 optimize ads
 and scale online customer growth through a hybrid distribution
model.



    





    
    
    

    
1
000
000
    

    
(500
000
    

    
(500
000
    

    
    
    



 2020
 the Company determined
it would be unable to generate sufficient traction from these digital assets.&#160; The Company made the decision to stop utilizing
the assets and began conversations with the creditor about eliminating the remaining debt associated with the assets which was
successfully negotiated in April 2020. As of the time of this filing
 the balance sheet remains unchanged
 as this successful renegotiation
is conditional upon payment being completed prior to December 1
 2020
 which would result in the elimination of $731
118 in total
debt should payment be made totaling $166
224 in cash and approximately 4
000 pints of Nightfood ice cream. Should the Company
make said payments and retire the debt prior to December 1
 2020
 the Company would realize a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt of
approximately $560
000. Because this reduction in debt is conditional
 the full $731
118.33 is currently included in the liabilities
section of our balance sheet.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
Other current liabilities consist of the following at June 30
 2020 and 2019.




    
    
    

    
9
974
33
974

    
192
625
    

    
    
    

    
202
599
33
974




































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20
24)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
Convertible
    Notes Payable consist of the following at June 30
 2020 and 2019.




    
    
    
On
                           April 30
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement
                           dated April 30
 2018
 in the amount of $225
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have
                           a maturity of April 30
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60%
                           of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's Common Stock
                           is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
                           but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component
                           to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation
                           under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging. The fair value of the $225
000 Notes was calculated
                           using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $287
174
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest
                           rate of 2.24%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 202%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                           the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $225k Notes
 a charge was recorded to
                           Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge of $62
174.
                           As of June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0.
        
On
        June 5
 2018
 the Company received cash in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and Securities Purchase Agreement
        dated June 5
 2018. The note was in the amount of in the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes
        have a maturity of June 6
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest
        closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen
        (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with
        the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies
        for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging. The fair value of the
        $210
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $265
498
 with the following assumptions: risk-free
        interest rate of 2.09%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 200%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the
        fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $210k Notes
 a charge was recorded to Financing cost
        for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge of $55
498. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount
        was $0. This note has been successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company
        fair valued the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $180
755 included under line item
        Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion, net.
        
On
        July 2
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated July 12
        2018
 in the amount of $207
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of July 12
 2019 and interest
        rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
        on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion.
        The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component
        to satisfy the note with cash The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
        Derivatives and Hedging. The fair value of the $207
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing
        model at $257
842
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.59%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility
        of 183%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $207k
        Notes
 a charge was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge
        of $50
842. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $1
134
 respectively.




    
    
    
This
    note has been successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued
    the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $73
760 included under line item Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion, net.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                    November 16
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase
                                    agreement dated November 16
 2018
 in the amount of $130
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 16
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and
                                    are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
                                    on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days
                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association
                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
                                    and Hedging. The fair value of the $130
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes
                                    pricing model at $131
898
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.71%
                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 150%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                                    the fair value of the note exceeded the net proceeds from the $130k Notes
 a charge was recorded
                                    to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note
 for a net charge
                                    of $1
898. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $48
795
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
This note has been
    successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as
    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $19
845 included under line item Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion, net.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                    December 18
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase
                                    agreement dated December 18
 2018
 in the amount of $130
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 18
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and
                                    are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
                                    on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days
                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association
                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
                                    and Hedging. The fair value of the $130
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes
                                    pricing model at $128
976
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.64%
                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 144%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $130k Notes
 no charge
                                    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note.
                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $60
425
 respectively

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
This note has been
    successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as
    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $36
927 included under line item Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion, net.




    
    
    
On
                                         January 28
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement dated January 28
 2019
 in the amount of $234
000. The lender was
                                         Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of January 28
 2020 and interest rate
                                         of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 65% of the lowest closing bid price
                                         on the primary trading market on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed
                                         for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
                                         but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative
                                         accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging. The
                                         fair value of the $234
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model
                                         at $226
452
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.60%
 expected
                                         life of 1 year
 volatility of 135%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because the
                                         fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $234k Notes
 no charge
                                         was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the
                                         note. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $131
528
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
This note has been
    successfully retired via conversions into shares during the year ended June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as
    of conversion date and accounted for a loss on conversion of $80
394 included under line item Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion, net.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                    February 14
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase
                                    agreement dated February 14
 2019
 in the amount of $104
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 14
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum and
                                    are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
                                    on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days
                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association
                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
                                    and Hedging. The fair value of the $104
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes
                                    pricing model at $90
567
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.53%
                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 136%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $104k Notes
 no charge
                                    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note.
                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $56
821
 respectively. $50
000
                                    of the note has been successfully retired via conversion into shares during the year ended
                                    June 30
 2020. The Company fair valued the notes as of conversion date and accounted for a
                                    loss on conversion of $4
098 included under line item Loss on debt extinguishment upon note conversion, net.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                    April 29
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase
                                    agreement dated April 29
 2019
 in the amount of $208
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
                                    LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 29
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are
                                    convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market
                                    on which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days
                                    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association
                                    with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
                                    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
                                    and Hedging. The fair value of the $208
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes
                                    pricing model at $170
098
 with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.42%
                                    expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected dividend yield of zero. Because
                                    the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the 208k Notes
 no charge
                                    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note.
                                    As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
 the debt discount was $0 and $141
204
 respectively




    
    
    
On June
    11
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 11
 2019
 in
    the amount of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 11
 2020 and interest rate of
    8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
    and Hedging. The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $240
217
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.05%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 16%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300k Notes
 no charge
    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 and 2019
    the debt discount was $0 and $227
713
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On July 5
 2019
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated July 5
 2019
 in the amount
    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of July 5
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum
    and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.
    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $239
759
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.98%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the 300k Notes
 no charge was recorded to Financing
    cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $2
627.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 8
 2019
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated August 8
 2019
 in the amount
    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of August 8
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per annum
    and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.
    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $254
082
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.79%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300k Notes
 no charge was recorded to Financing
    cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $26
452.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 29
 2019
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated August 29
 2019
 in the amount
    of $300
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of August 29
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per
    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.
    The fair value of the $300
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $234
052
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.75%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $300
000 Notes
 no charge was recorded to
    Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $37
833.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 24
    2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 24
 2019
 in
    the amount of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of September 24
 2020 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
    and Hedging. The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $118
009
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.78%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 no charge
    was recorded to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount
    was $27
482.





    
    
    
On November 7
 2019
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November 7
 2019
 in the amount
    of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 7
 2020 and interest rate of 8% per
    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.
    The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $121
875
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.58%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 122%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. Because the fair value of the note did not exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 no charge was recorded to Financing
    cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $43
074.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On December
    31
 2019
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 31
 2019
    in the amount of $150
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 31
 2020 and interest
    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on
    which the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The
    note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to
    satisfy the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
    and Hedging. The fair value of the $150
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $189
172
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.59%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 115%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. Because the fair value of the note exceed the net proceeds from the $150k Notes
 $39
172 was recorded
    to Financing cost for the excess of the fair value of the note. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $75
205.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On February 6
 2020
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated February 6
 2020
 in the amount
    of $200
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 6
 2021 and interest rate of 8% per
    annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's
    Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.
    The fair value of the $200
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $156
061
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.51%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 113%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $94
064.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On February 26
    2020
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated February 26
 2020
 in
    the amount of $187
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of February 6
 2021 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
    and Hedging. The fair value of the $187
000 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $150
268
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 1.18%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 118%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $99
218.




    
    
    
On April
    30
 2020
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 30
 2020
 in
    the amount of $205
700. This note carried an Original Discount of 10% or $18
700 which was included in interest expense at
    the time of valuation. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 30
 2021 and interest rate of
    8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 78% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company's Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives
    and Hedging. The fair value of the $205
700 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $128
369
    with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.16%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 106%
 and expected
    dividend yield of zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $106
916.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On June 23
 2020
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 23
 2020
 in the amount
    of $205
700. This note carried an Original Discount of 10% or $18
700 which was included in interest expense at the time of
    valuation. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 23
 2021 and interest rate of 8% per annum
    and are convertible at a price of 78% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's
    Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but
    carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
    The convertible note qualifies for derivative accounting and bifurcation under ASC 815
 Derivatives and Hedging.
    The fair value of the $205
700 Notes was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at $132
236
 with the following
    assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.18%
 expected life of 1 year
 volatility of 108%
 and expected dividend yield of
    zero. As of June 30
 2020
 the debt discount was $129
700.





    
    
    
Below
    is a reconciliation of the convertible notes payable as presented on the Company's balance sheet as of June 30
 2020:




    
Principal
    
Debt
    Discount ($)
Net
    

Balance
    at June 30
 2018
1
576
024
(942
154
633
870

Convertible
    notes payable issued during fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
1
602
005
    
1
602
005

Note
    paid
(102
076
    
(102
076

Notes
    converted into shares of common stock
(1
327
953
    
(1
327
953

Debt
    discount associated with new convertible notes
    
(1
482
314
(1
482
314

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
1
794
209
1
794
209

Balance at June 30
    2019
1
748
000
(630
259
1
117
741

Convertible
    notes payable issued during fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
2
148
400
    
2
148
400

Notes
    converted into shares of common stock
(961
000
    
(961
000

Debt
    discount associated with new convertible notes
    
(1
684
711
(1
684
711

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
1
709
759
1
709
759

Balance at June 30
    2020
2
935
400
(605
211
2
330
189















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020










    
    
    
Due to the variable conversion price associated with some of these convertible promissory notes disclosed in Note 8 above
 the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for instruments which are convertible and have not yet been settled. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of the derivatives on the date they are deemed to be derivative liabilities.




    
    
    
During the year ended June 30
 2020
 the Company recorded a gain in fair value of derivative liability of $858
774. The Company will measure the fair value of each derivative instrument in future reporting periods and record a gain or loss based on the change in fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Below is a reconciliation of the derivative liability as presented on the Company's balance sheet as of June 30
 2020:





 2018
1
765
187


 2019
1
565
535

    
712
627

    
(2
736
601

    
 2019
1
306
748


 2020
1
723
883

    
(858
774

    
(581
219

    
 2020
1
590
638



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
On March 19
 2020
 the Company secured a $200
000
    line of credit with Celtic Bank Corporation. This LOC has a Flex Credit component of calculating interest
 which
    means the interest rate on any draws taken against the LOC is set at the time of said draw. As of the date of this filing
    the Company has made one draw against the credit line for a gross amount of $5
000 (including proceeds and draw fees). Three
    payments have been made against this draw of approximately $368 each. Such payments will continue to be automatically deducted
    from the corporate checking account until the draw and all fees have been paid in full. The Company may or may not choose
    to use this line of credit for additional financing needs.




    
June 30

June 30


    
3
897
    

    
3
897
    

    
3
897
    

    
    
    




    
    
    
Interest expense for the years ended June 30
 2020
    and 2019
 totaled $463 and $0
 respectively. 



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
On October
    16
 2013
 the Nightfood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders'
    equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.




    
    
    
The
                           Company is authorized to issue Two Hundred Million (200
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share
                           Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record
                           on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a
                           majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled
                           to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available
                           therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's
                           assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend
                           and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders
                           of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company.
                           There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock.
                           All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares
                           of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares
                           of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their
                           approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the
                           Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out
                           of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon
                           liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription
                           rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of
                           debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred
                           stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders
                           of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders
                           of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more
                           than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors
                           to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not
                           be able to elect any of our directors.&#160;
        
The
        Company had 61
796
680 and 53
773
856 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
        2020 and 2019 respectively.
        
        





    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2020:





    
    
The
    Company issued 1
385
990 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $308
768

    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 580
666 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $88
762

    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 6
056
168 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a fair value of $961
000.




    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2019:




    
    
the
    Company sold 84
389 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $50
000


    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 483
808 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $345
656


    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 281
957 shares of common stock for payment of certain accounts payable liabilities with a fair value of $63
850


    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 400
000 shares of common stock for the exercise of warrants valued at $120
000


    
    
    

    
    
and
    issued 667
959 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $95
805


    
    
    

    
    
and
                                         issued 9
247
414 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a
                                         fair value of $1
327
953.
                                                                                
During
                                         the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded a Loss on fair value of
                                         shares issued upon notes conversion of $977
000 and $2
736
601
 respectively.




    
    
Preferred
                    Stock
        
On
 2018 the Company was authorized to issue One Million (1
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share
        Preferred Stock. Of the 1
000
000 shares 10
000 shares are designated as Series A preferred Stock Holders of Common Stock
        are each entitled to cast 100
000 votes for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders.
        
In
        addition to his ownership of the common stock
 Mr. Folkson owns 1
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (A
        Stock) which votes with the common stock and has an aggregate of 100
000
000 votes.
        
        

    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company has never declared
    dividends.




    
    
    




    
    
    
The
        following is a summary of the Company's outstanding common stock purchase warrants. A portion of the 500
000 warrants
        shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not yet vested. These warrants were issued as compensation for a four-year
        advisory agreement. 150
000 warrants vested on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another would vest 150
000
        on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining 50
000 on July 24
 2021
 should advisor complete the term of his engagement.
        
The
        aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants as of June 30
 2020 is $28
025. The aggregate intrinsic value of the warrants
        as of June 30
 2019 was $318
450.




    
    
    
Outstanding
    at
    
    
Issued
    /
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
June
    30

    2018
    
    
    
    2019
    
    
    
    
    
June
    30

    2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
105
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
105
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
(400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
405
000
    
    
    
(250
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
155
000
    




    
Outstanding
    at
Issued
    /
    
    

    
June
    30

    
    2020
    
June
    30


    
500
000
    
    
500
000

    
105
000
    
    
105
000

    
100
000
    
    
100
000

    
150
000
    
    
150
000

    
300
000
    
    
300
000

    
1
155
000
    
    
1
155
000




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company has never issued
    options.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
During
    the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and
    $72
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &#8211; related party for 2020 and 2019 respectively.




    
    
    
The original consulting Agreement for Mr. Folkson
    had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month agreement effective January 1
 2016. A new twelve month consulting
    agreement was entered into for Mr. Folkson effective July 1
 2019
 which paid Folkson the same $6
000 monthly consulting fee.
    In addition
 the Company made bonuses available to Folkson upon the Company hitting certain revenue milestones of $1
000
000
    in a quarter and $3
000
000 in a quarter. Achieving those milestones would earn Folkson warrants with a $.50 and $1 strike
    price which would need to be exercised within 90 days of the respective quarterly or annual filing. 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
A reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates
    and the Company's effective tax rate is as follows:




    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
The tax effects of the temporary differences and
    carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
460
670
    
    
    
1
155
359
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
460
670
    
    
    
(1
155
359
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
At June 30
 2020 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating
losses of approximately $7
358
518 for income tax purposes. $2
614
000 will expire between 2031 and 2037 while the balance of the
tax operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred
tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change
in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2020 was an increase of $398
550. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25
P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will more likely than not be sustained
upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions
where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that
its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result
in a material change to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.




    
    
The Company may not be able to utilize
the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined
in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC). Under section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50%
change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount
per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.


 2020 the Company had not
performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S.
federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no federal or state income tax returns are under examination
by the respective taxing jurisdictions.


to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The Company has not accrued interest
for any periods.


for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2020
 2019
 2018
 June 30
 2017 and 2016 respectively
 however it believes due to the reported
losses there is no material liability outstanding.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
Cash and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current
    Assets
 Short-Term Debt
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to
    sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
    To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC Topic
    820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
    The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
    (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).

    
    
    

    
    
&#8212;Valuations based
    on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.

    
    
    

    
    
&#8212;Valuations based
    on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
    in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other
    inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

    
    
    

    
    
&#8212;Valuations based
    on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market
    participants. These valuations require significant judgment.

    
    
    

    
    
The application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy
    under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described below:




    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
935
400
2
935
400

    
    
    
2
935
400
2
935
400




    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
748
000
1
748
000

    
    
    
1
748
000
1
748
000




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
590
638
    
    
    
1
590
638&#160;&#160;&#160;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
590
638&#160;&#160;&#160;
    
    
    
1
590
638&#160;&#160;&#160;
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
306
748&#160;&#160;&#160;
    
    
    
1
306
748&#160;&#160;&#160;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
306
748&#160;&#160;&#160;
    
    
    
1
306
748&#160;&#160;&#160;
    



liabilities to be Level 3 liabilities.&#160;At June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively the Company had outstanding derivative liabilities
including those from related parties of $1
590
638 and $1
306
748
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








Net Loss
    per Share of Common Stock
    
The
                           Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of
                           basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures
                           and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the
                           numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
                           basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number
                           of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon
                           the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by
                           applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised
                           at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby
                           were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.
        
Convertible
        debt that is convertible into 24
638
241 and 8
538
462 shares of the Company's common stock are not included in
        the computation for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Additionally
 there are 1
155
000 and
        1
155
000 warrants that are exercisable into shares of stock as of June 30
 2020 and June 30
 2019
 respectively.




    
    
    

Numerator
    - basic and diluted loss per share net loss
(4
412
063
(4
598
343

    
    
    

Net loss available
    to common stockholders
(4
412
063
(4
598
343

    
    
    

Denominator
    &#8211; basic and diluted loss per share &#8211; weighted average common shares outstanding
57
443
347
47
827
114

Basic and diluted earnings
    per share
    
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
As of
    June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Company has no material commitments or contingencies.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Litigation: From
    time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise
 in the ordinary course of business.
    However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
    to time that may harm our business. We are not aware of any such legal proceedings that we believe will have
 individually
    or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or operating results.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Coronavirus (COVID-19):
    On March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic which continues to
    spread throughout the U.S. and the globe. In addition to the devastating effects on human life
 the pandemic is having a negative
    ripple effect on the global economy
 leading to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. Most U.S. states
    and many countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the further spread of the disease such as issuing temporary
    Executive Orders that
 among other stipulations
 effectively prohibit in-person work activities for most industries and businesses
    having the effect of suspending or severely curtailing operations. COVID-19 and the U.S's response to the pandemic are
    significantly affecting the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance as to the effect the COVID-19 pandemic
    may have
 and
 as a result
 the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. The extent of the
    ultimate impact of the pandemic on the Company's operational and financial performance will depend on various developments
    including the duration and spread of the outbreak
 which cannot be reasonably predicted at this time. Accordingly
 while management
    reasonably expects the COVID-19 outbreak to negatively impact the Company
 the related consequences and duration are highly
    uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.



































The entire disclosure for significant arrangements with third parties
 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
Subsequent
    to the end of the Fiscal Year
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $347
000 of principal and $36
448.23 of interest of outstanding
    notes to stock. The average conversion price in these transactions was $.117. 3
288
917 shares were issued to the noteholder
    in these transactions.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 12
 2020
    the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and security purchase agreement dated and funded August 12
 2020
 in
    the amount of $205
700. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2020 the Company entered into a convertible promissory
note and security purchase agreement dated and funded October 13
 2020
 in the amount of $205
700. The lender was Eagle Equities
LLC.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
    
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of beneficial conversion features
 derivative liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.







    
    
    


        the rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company records any beneficial conversion feature (BCF)
        intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        

 the relative
        fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is
        amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts
        is immediately expensed.







    
    
    
    







    
    
    
If debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.







    
    
    
ASC 815 &#34;Derivatives and Hedging&#34; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.







    
    
    
The Company may make certain reclassifications to prior period amounts to conform with the current year's presentation. These reclassifications did not have a material effect on its consolidated statement of financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.






    
    


        Accounting Standard Board's updates periodically to ensure the Company's compliance of its accounting policies and
        disclosure requirements to the Codification Topics.
        

 the Financial Accounting Standards
        Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to establish ASC Topic 606
 (ASC 606). ASU 2014-09 supersedes
        the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry
        Topics of the Codification. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
        of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
        in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the
        contract(s) with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
        (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies
        a performance obligation. In addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue
        and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
        

        on July 1
 2018 and did not have a material impact on our financial statements.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
Financial
        Instruments &#8211; Overall (Subtopic 825-10) &#8211; Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
        which requires all investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair value to be measured at fair value with changes
        in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those
        that result in consolidation of the investee). ASU 2016-01 is intended to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments
        to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information and removes the requirement to disclose the methods
        and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance
        sheet. For public companies
 the new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim
        periods within the fiscal year. For all other entities
 including emerging growth companies
 ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual
        periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company
        evaluated the impact on the financial statements and implemented the provisions of ASU 2016-01 for the annual financial statements
        for the year ended June 30
 2020. &#160;This new standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements or related
        disclosures.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard
        in January 2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (ROU)
        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures
        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash
        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning
        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available.
        

        July 1
 2019. We have reviewed this and have determined that there is no material impact on our financial statements.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and Derivatives and Hedging
 which changes the accounting and
        earnings per share for certain instruments with down round features. The amendments in this ASU should be applied using a cumulative-effect
        adjustment as of the beginning of the fiscal year or retrospective adjustment to each period presented and is effective for annual
        periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those periods. We adopted this guidance effective July
        1
adoption of this guidance did not materially impact our financial statements
        and related disclosures
        

 the Financial Accounting
        Standards Board (FASB) issued ASC Update No 2018-02 (Topic 220) Income Statement &#8211; Reporting Comprehensive
        Income: Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#160; This ASC update allows for a
        reclassification into retained earnings of the stranded tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)
        resulting from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). The updated guidance is effective for interim and
        annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018.&#160; We adopted this guidance effective July 1

        





    
    
    
In
        June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based
        Payment Accounting
 to expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and
        services from nonemployees and supersedes the guidance in Subtopic 505-50
 Equity - Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.
        Under ASU 2018-07
 equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date fair value
        on the grant date The probability of satisfying performance conditions must be considered for equity-classified nonemployee
        share-based payment awards with such conditions. ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
        2018
 with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance effective July 1

        

In
July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-09 to provide clarification and correction of errors to the Codification. The amendments in
this update cover multiple Accounting Standards Updates. Some topics in the update may require transition guidance with effective
dates for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. We adopted this guidance effective July 1



The
        Company will continue to monitor these emerging issues to assess any potential future impact on its financial statements.





    
    


        to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at
        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative
        financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features
        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management
        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion
        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its
        evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        

 derivative liabilities
        are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase or decrease in the fair value from inception
        is made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair market value of derivative liabilities.






    
    
    
    







    
    
    
Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.







    
    
    
Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or net realizable value
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.







    
    
    
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. &#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&#160;&#160;The Company recorded advertising costs of $403
639 and $732
297 for the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.








    
    
    
The Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    






    
    
    




    
    
    
All sources of revenue are recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 606 Revenue Recognition
 to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This includes a five-step framework that requires an entity to: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (iii) determine the transaction price
 (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (v) recognize revenue when the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In addition
 this revenue generation requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed by the customer. &#160;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

        customers provides that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
        an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.&#160;
        

        product distribution
 such as freight and handling costs. The Company has elected to treat these costs as fulfillment activities
        and recognizes these costs at the same time that it recognizes the underlying product revenue. As this policy election is in line
        with the Company's previous accounting practices
 the treatment of shipping and handling activities under FASB Topic 606
        did not have any impact on the Company's results of operations
 financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.
        

        in a change to the accounting for any of the Company's revenue streams that are within the scope of the amendments. The Company's
        services that fall within the scope of ASC 606 are recognized as revenue as the Company satisfies its obligation to the customer.




    
    
    
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which updates revenue recognition guidance relating to contracts with customers. This standard states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods therein
 beginning after July 1
 2018. The Company adopted ASU 2014-09 and its related amendments (collectively known as ASC 606) during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 using the full retrospective method.





    
    
    
    




    
    
    
If the consideration payable to a customer is a payment for a distinct good service
 then in accordance with ASC 606-10-32-26
 the entity should account for it the same way that it accounts for other purchases from suppliers (expense). Further
 




    
    
    
Under ASC 606-10-32-27
 if the consideration payable to a customer is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
The Company recognizes revenue upon shipment based on meeting the transfer of control criteria. The Company has made a policy election to treat shipping and handling as costs to fulfill the contract
 and as a result
 any fees received from customers are included in the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation of providing goods with a corresponding amount accrued within cost of sales for amounts paid to applicable carriers.






    
    
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&#160;&#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&#160;&#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&#160;&#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2020 and 2019 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.






    
    
    
As of June 30
 2020
 the Company had receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted for over 10% of the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers
 three of whom accounted for over
20% of the outstanding balance.







    
    
    
Net income per share data for both the years ending June 30
 2020 and 2019
 is based on net income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average of the number of common shares outstanding.







    
    
    
The
                    Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for
                    the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable
                    intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                    amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison
                    of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such
                    assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the
                    carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported
                    at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on
                    quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.
        
During
        the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and impaired $500
000 and $-0-
 respectively as impairment
        on intangible asset
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Further
    at ASC 350-50-25-7
 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During
    the years ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 the Management determined and capitalized $1
000
000 and $-0-
 respectively
 under
    ASC 350-50 and accounted as an intangible asset and amortized the costs over the life of the relationship.





    
    


        to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at
        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative
        financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features
        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management
        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion
        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its
        evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        

 derivative liabilities
        are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase or decrease in the fair value from inception
        is made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair market value of derivative liabilities.







    
    

 2019 filing
 during
the interims review and based on such reviews
 the following determinations were made by the Company:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 we determined that the accounting treatment
for the recognition of slotting fees and other fees paid or payable by the Company to certain strategic partners was incorrect.
Specifically
 it has been determined that revenue relating to the slotting fee
 which was originally capitalized and amortized
into expense over an 18-month period should instead be treated as a reduction in revenue at the later of recognition of revenue
for the transfer of the Nightfood product or when the Company pays or promised to pay the slotting fee. In addition
 certain fees
related to platforms to launch our products and advertising efforts should have been capitalized and recorded as an intangible
asset. The Company previously recorded a portion of this fee as an intangible asset &#8211; placement fee and expensed the remaining
amount as advertising expense in the Period Ended December 31
 2019.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Staff Accounting Bulletin 99
 (SAB 99) and Staff Accounting Bulletin 108

of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements
 the
Company has determined that the impact of adjustments relating to the corrections of this accounting error are not material to
previously issued annual audited and unaudited financial statements. Accordingly
 these changes are disclosed herein and will be
disclosed prospectively.




    
As of June 30
 2019 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
482
667
487
500
970
167

    
2
955
272
223
333
3
178
605

    
(2
472
605
264
167
(2
208
438

    
482
667
487
500
970
167

    
2
955
272
223
333
3
178
605

    
(2
472
605
264
167
(2
208
438



The
balance sheet impact of the errors was corrected in the quarter ended September 30
 2019.




    

 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
858
216
387
917
1
246
133

    
3
287
252
1
151
666
4
438
918

    
(2
429
036
(763
749
(3
192
785

    
858
216
1
221
250
2
079
466

    
3
287
252
1
151
666
4
438
918

    
(2
429
036
69
584
(2
359
452




    

 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
577
944
408
294
986
238

    
4
514
446
249
007
4
763
453

    
(3
936
502
159
287
(3
777
215

    
1
550
298
102
607
1
652
905

    
4
514
446
249
007
4
763
453

    
(2
964
148
(146
400
(3
110
548




    
For the Year Ended June 30
 2019 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
352
172
    
352
172

    
2
263
722
(264
167
1
999
555

    
(1
911
550
264
167
(1
647
383

    
2
686
793
    
2
686
793

    
(4
598
343
264
167
(4
334
176

    
    
    
    



The
income statement impact of the errors was corrected in the quarter ended September 30
 2019.




    
    
September 30
 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
206
497
(160
000
46
497

    
570
858
(229
584
341
274

    
(364
361
69
584
(294
777

    
218
803
    
218
803

    
(583
164
69
584
(513
580

    
    
    
    




    
    
December 31
 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
379
488
(271
706
107
782

    
1
326
290
(125
306
1
200
984

    
(946
802
(146
400
(1
093
202

    
557
320
    
557
320

    
(1
504
122
(146
400
(1
650
522

    
    
    
    




    
    
December 31
 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
172
991
(111
706
61
285

    
755
432
104
278
859
710

    
(582
441
(215
984
(798
425

    
338
517
    
338
517

    
(920
958
(215
984
(1
136
942

    
    
    
    















































































































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for derivatives entered into for trading purposes and those entered into for purposes other than trading including where and when derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments and their related gains or losses are reported in the entity's statements of financial position
 cash flows
 and results of operations.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








As of June 30
 2019 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
482
667
487
500
970
167

    
2
955
272
223
333
3
178
605

    
(2
472
605
264
167
(2
208
438

    
482
667
487
500
970
167

    
2
955
272
223
333
3
178
605

    
(2
472
605
264
167
(2
208
438



The
balance sheet impact of the errors was corrected in the quarter ended September 30
 2019.




    

 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
858
216
387
917
1
246
133

    
3
287
252
1
151
666
4
438
918

    
(2
429
036
(763
749
(3
192
785

    
858
216
1
221
250
2
079
466

    
3
287
252
1
151
666
4
438
918

    
(2
429
036
69
584
(2
359
452




    

 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
577
944
408
294
986
238

    
4
514
446
249
007
4
763
453

    
(3
936
502
159
287
(3
777
215

    
1
550
298
102
607
1
652
905

    
4
514
446
249
007
4
763
453

    
(2
964
148
(146
400
(3
110
548




    
For the Year Ended June 30
 2019 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
352
172
    
352
172

    
2
263
722
(264
167
1
999
555

    
(1
911
550
264
167
(1
647
383

    
2
686
793
    
2
686
793

    
(4
598
343
264
167
(4
334
176

    
    
    
    



The
income statement impact of the errors was corrected in the quarter ended September 30
 2019.




    
    
September 30
 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
206
497
(160
000
46
497

    
570
858
(229
584
341
274

    
(364
361
69
584
(294
777

    
218
803
    
218
803

    
(583
164
69
584
(513
580

    
    
    
    




    
    
December 31
 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
379
488
(271
706
107
782

    
1
326
290
(125
306
1
200
984

    
(946
802
(146
400
(1
093
202

    
557
320
    
557
320

    
(1
504
122
(146
400
(1
650
522

    
    
    
    




    
    
December 31
 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
172
991
(111
706
61
285

    
755
432
104
278
859
710

    
(582
441
(215
984
(798
425

    
338
517
    
338
517

    
(920
958
(215
984
(1
136
942

    
    
    
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
    

    
    
30
800

    
195
817
346
229

    
26
309
25
477

    
53
479
3
933

    
275
605
406
439




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]







    
    
June
    30

    2020
    
    
June&#160;30

    2019
    

    
    
    
398
045
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
398
085
    
    
    
1
000
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020










    





    
    
    

    
1
000
000
    

    
(500
000
    

    
(500
000
    

    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of impaired intangible assets excluding goodwill. This may include a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the recording of impairment charges of intangible assets in the period
 the amount of the impairment charges
 the methods of determining fair value of the associated assets
 the caption in the income statement in which the impairment losses are aggregated
 and the segment in which the impaired intangible assets are reported.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
    
    

    
9
974
33
974

    
192
625
    

    
    
    

    
202
599
33
974














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








Principal
    
Debt
    Discount ($)
Net
    

Balance
    at June 30
 2018
1
576
024
(942
154
633
870

Convertible
    notes payable issued during fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
1
602
005
    
1
602
005

Note
    paid
(102
076
    
(102
076

Notes
    converted into shares of common stock
(1
327
953
    
(1
327
953

Debt
    discount associated with new convertible notes
    
(1
482
314
(1
482
314

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
1
794
209
1
794
209

Balance at June 30
    2019
1
748
000
(630
259
1
117
741

Convertible
    notes payable issued during fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
2
148
400
    
2
148
400

Notes
    converted into shares of common stock
(961
000
    
(961
000

Debt
    discount associated with new convertible notes
    
(1
684
711
(1
684
711

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
1
709
759
1
709
759

Balance at June 30
    2020
2
935
400
(605
211
2
330
189













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020











 2018
1
765
187


 2019
1
565
535

    
712
627

    
(2
736
601

    
 2019
1
306
748


 2020
1
723
883

    
(858
774

    
(581
219

    
 2020
1
590
638













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020









    
June 30

June 30


    
3
897
    

    
3
897
    

    
3
897
    

    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020








    
    
Outstanding
    at
    
    
Issued
    /
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
June
    30

    2018
    
    
    
    2019
    
    
    
    
    
June
    30

    2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
105
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
105
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
(400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
405
000
    
    
    
(250
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
155
000
    




    
Outstanding
    at
Issued
    /
    
    

    
June
    30

    
    2020
    
June
    30


    
500
000
    
    
500
000

    
105
000
    
    
105
000

    
100
000
    
    
100
000

    
150
000
    
    
150
000

    
300
000
    
    
300
000

    
1
155
000
    
    
1
155
000



































Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020










    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
460
670
    
    
    
1
155
359
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
460
670
    
    
    
(1
155
359
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020










    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
935
400
2
935
400

    
    
    
2
935
400
2
935
400




    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
748
000
1
748
000

    
    
    
1
748
000
1
748
000




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
590
638
    
    
    
1
590
638&#160;&#160;&#160;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
590
638&#160;&#160;&#160;
    
    
    
1
590
638&#160;&#160;&#160;
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
306
748&#160;&#160;&#160;
    
    
    
1
306
748&#160;&#160;&#160;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
306
748&#160;&#160;&#160;
    
    
    
1
306
748&#160;&#160;&#160;
    



































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020






Schedule of earnings per share
 basic and diluted

    
    

Numerator
    - basic and diluted loss per share net loss
(4
412
063
(4
598
343

    
    
    

Net loss available
    to common stockholders
(4
412
063
(4
598
343

    
    
    

Denominator
    &#8211; basic and diluted loss per share &#8211; weighted average common shares outstanding
57
443
347
47
827
114

Basic and diluted earnings
    per share
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018


























325


667














413
472


955
272














325


667














481
147)


472
605)



658
954)



























673


162














965
548


263
722














723
875)


911
550)














688
188


686
793














412
063)


598
343)
























































944


216


944




667








514
446


287
252


514
446




955
272








936
502)


429
036)


936
502)




472
605)








550
298


216


550
298




667








514
446


287
252


514
446




955
272








964
148)


429
036)


964
148)




472
605)
























991


497


488




172








432


858


326
290




263
722








441)


361)


802)




911
550)








517


803


320




686
793








958)


164)


504
122)




598
343)
























































294


917


294




500








007


151
666


007




333








287


749)


287




167








607


221
250


607




500








007


151
666


007




333








400)


584


400)




167
























706)


000)


706)












278


584)


306)




167)








984)


584


400)




167
























984)


584


400)




167
























































238


246
133


238




167








763
453


438
918


763
453




178
605








777
215)


192
785)


777
215)




208
438)








652
905


079
466


652
905




167








763
453


438
918


763
453




178
605








110
548)


359
452)


110
548)




208
438)
























285


497


782




172








710


274


200
984




999
555








425)


777)


093
202)




647
383)








517


803


320




686
793








136
942)


580)


650
522)




334
176)
































































































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.















































































































































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











639


297



Concentration risk
 percentage








000





Receivables concentration
 description

 2020
 the Company had receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted for over 10% of the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers
 three of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance.







000
000





































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.

























































Description of risks that arise due to the volume of business transacted with a particular customer. At a minimum
 the description informs financial statement users of the general nature of the risk
 but excludes Information about Major Customers that may be disclosed elsewhere (for instance
 segment disclosures).




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











412
063)


598
343)





531
084)


567
227)





631
122)


219
059)



































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2020






Customer concentrations
 description

 2020
 the Company had receivables due from seven customers
 two of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance. Four of the other five accounted for over 10% of the total balance. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company had receivables due from six customers
 three of whom accounted for over 20% of the outstanding balance.



































Description of risks that arise due to the volume of business transacted with a particular customer. At a minimum
 the description informs financial statement users of the general nature of the risk
 but excludes Information about Major Customers that may be disclosed elsewhere (for instance
 segment disclosures).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













800





817


229





309


477





479


933





605


439































































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))



























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items used in storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods that are targeted for sale to end users.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]








045









000





085


000





























































































Amount of consideration paid in advance for advertising that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











000
000







000)







000)












































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















000



Intangible asset
 description

118 in total debt should payment be made totaling $166
224 in cash and approximately 4
000 pints of Nightfood ice cream.





118.33







































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











974


974





625







599


974



































Amount of liabilities incurred to vendors for goods and services received
 and accrued liabilities classified as other
 payable within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019









Beginning balance
 Principal

748
000


576
024



Convertible notes payable issued during fiscal year ended
 Principal

148
400


602
005



Note paid
 Principal



076)



Notes converted into shares of common stock
 Principal

000)


327
953)



Debt discount associated with new convertible notes
 Principal






Amortization of debt discount
 Principal






Ending balance
 Principal

935
400


748
000



Beginning balance
 Debt Discount

259)


154)



Convertible notes payable issued
 Debt Discount






Note paid
 Debt Discount






Notes converted into shares of common stock
 Debt Discount






Debt discount associated with new convertible notes
 Debt Discount

684
711)


482
314)



Amortization of debt discount
 Debt Discount

709
759


794
209



Ending balance
 Debt Discount

211)


259)



Beginning balance
 Net Value

117
741


870



Convertible notes payable issued during fiscal year ended
 Net Value

148
400


602
005



Note paid
 Net Value



076



Notes converted into shares of common stock
 Net Value

000)


327
953)



Debt discount associated with new convertible notes
 Net Value

684
711


482
314



Amortization of debt discount
 Net Value

794
209


794
209



Ending Balance
 Net Value

330
189


117
741



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.





















































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























































































































































































088
177


692
679











































762


805











































709
759


794
359



Convertible Notes Payable [Member] | June 30
 2020 [Member]














































700


916














218


064


205


074


482


833


452


627













Convertible Notes Payable [Member] | June 30
 2019 [Member]


















































713


425


795


134






















204


821


528







Convertible Notes Payable [Member] | June 30
 2020 [Member]








































































































































700


700


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000
















































































































































  2021


  2021


  2020


  2019


  2019


  2019


  2019


  2019


  2021


  2021


  2020


  2020


  2020


  2020


  2020


  2020


  2020


  2020


  2020







Original discount
 description

700 which was included in interest expense at the time of valuation.


700 which was included in interest expense at the time of valuation.
























































































700


700


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


000






















































236


369


217


976


898


842


498


174


268


061


172


875


009


052


082


759


098


567


452
























































































































































898


842


498


174



















































172































927


845


760


755






















098


394











































000




































































































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.



















































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











306
748


765
187





723
883


565
535





774)


627





219)


736
601)



Balance at June 30
 2020

590
638


306
748
































































Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from direct costs associated with issuing stock. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.
























































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















774













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Mar. 19
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













897


000







897









897
















































Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 19
 2020
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019






















000


897







000
















































Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The net cash outflow or inflow for the increase (decrease) in the beginning and end of period of loan and lease balances which are not originated or purchased specifically for resale. Includes cash payments and proceeds associated with (a) loans held-for-investment
 (b) leases held-for-investment
 and (c) both.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Outstanding Warrants
 Beginning

155
000


405
000



Outstanding Warrants
 Issued / (exercised) in 2020



000)



Outstanding Warrants
 Expired






Outstanding Warrants
 Ending

155
000


155
000










Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price [$ / Shares]






Outstanding Warrants
 Beginning

000


000



Outstanding Warrants
 Issued / (exercised) in 2020






Outstanding Warrants
 Expired






Outstanding Warrants
 Ending

000


000










Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price [$ / Shares]






Outstanding Warrants
 Beginning

000


000



Outstanding Warrants
 Issued / (exercised) in 2020






Outstanding Warrants
 Expired






Outstanding Warrants
 Ending

000


000










Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price [$ / Shares]






Outstanding Warrants
 Beginning

000


000



Outstanding Warrants
 Issued / (exercised) in 2020



000)



Outstanding Warrants
 Expired






Outstanding Warrants
 Ending

000


000










Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price [$ / Shares]






Outstanding Warrants
 Beginning

000





Outstanding Warrants
 Issued / (exercised) in 2020



000



Outstanding Warrants
 Expired






Outstanding Warrants
 Ending

000


000










Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price [$ / Shares]






Outstanding Warrants
 Beginning

000


000



Outstanding Warrants
 Issued / (exercised) in 2020






Outstanding Warrants
 Expired






Outstanding Warrants
 Ending

000


000







Outstanding Warrants
 Issued / (exercised).






















































































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jul. 09
 2018
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Common stock
 par value








Common stock
 shares issued



796
680


773
856



Common stock
 shares outstanding



796
680


773
856







768


657







762


805







056
168


327
953









000









850









000



Common stock
 Shares authorized



000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 Shares authorized

000
000


000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 par value








Designated preferred shares voting
 description

000
000 shares 10
000 shares are designated as Series A preferred Stock Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast 100
000 votes for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders.









 Mr. Folkson owns 1
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (A Stock) which votes with the common stock and has an aggregate of 100
000
000 votes.




















025


450







000


736
601
















386





Common stock issued for services
 shares



385
990


808












Common stock issued for interest
 shares



666


959



Issuance of common stock for convertible debt
 shares



000


247
414



Issuance of common stock for sale
 shares





389



Issuance of common stock for payment
 shares





957



Issuance of common stock for the exercise of warrants
 shares





000



Warrants
 description



000 warrants shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not yet vested. These warrants were issued as compensation for a four-year advisory agreement. 150
000 warrants vested on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another would vest 150
000 on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining 50
000 on July 24
 2021
 should advisor complete the term of his engagement.


































































































































































































































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Description of service or performance condition required to be met for earning right to award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Period between issuance and expiration of outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019















000









974


974



Related party transaction
 description



000
000 in a quarter and $3
000
000 in a quarter. Achieving those milestones would earn Folkson warrants with a $.50 and $1 strike price which would need to be exercised within 90 days of the respective quarterly or annual filing.

























000











000


000

































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























A description of the related party transaction
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements. Examples of common related party transactions are
 sales
 purchases and transfers of realty and personal property
 services received or furnished
 loans and leases to and from top management and affiliates.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019





















































































































































Percentage of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction. Includes
 but is not limited to
 dividend deduction
 deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 Medicare prescription drug benefit subsidy deduction
 and other deductions.






















































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











460
670


155
359





460
670)


155
359)














































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















358
518



Operating loss carry forwards expiration period
 description






550



Net operating loss carryforwards
 description






614
000




























































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
































935
400


748
000





935
400


748
000










































































































































935
400


748
000





935
400


748
000
































































Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.




























Fair value of financial obligations
 including
 but not limited to
 debt instruments
 derivative liabilities
 federal funds purchased and sold under agreements to repurchase
 securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
 financial instruments sold not yet purchased
 guarantees
 line of credit
 loans and notes payable
 servicing liability
 and trading liabilities.



















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











590
638


306
748













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











412
063)


598
343)





412
063)


598
343)





443
347


827
114



































































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











638
241


538
462





155
000


155
000









































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2020
Oct. 13
 2020
Aug. 12
 2020













000









448.23


















288
917




















700


700







Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.









































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 

O87!P+GAM
&ULS9+!
M2L0P$(9?17)O)VEQ#Z&;B^))07!!\1:2V=U@TX9DI-VW-XV[740?0
@E
W^^
M^0;2F2#-&/$YC@$C.4PWL^^')$W8LB-1D #)'-'K5.?$D)O[
7I-^1H/$+3Y


MD1X
YE?)23H%W+++Y-?V[G[WP%3#&UZ)?-J=V
A&R%O^OKC^\+L*^]&ZO?O'

M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
M 





M=R*!.VNI8F[@5&T


H..?@K15

BFLQD=&W
##;J]9EBP1BS=/(W
O]!U%
J&?Y?!GI[)?L

'AGWW3(92=A$]Q^%3X


MS:0


$O

M#
YT

6-:]
MV$EE;.B6AIL3RPMG?!0:4U:9.<7=^+ZMK#31#/X_TR=5JY.<2
N!
W2@R

M[[1.Z]-[AG
N
6F5_[-&_O\@(P@4-


M971S+W-H965T
BYX;6RE6&UOVS80_BN$46 =8





6@]YBT%@

E=GLNZ@HU3/.?BR#8%
M1V\K: 5RAU@!!=ML+MR\P8A56_B9@Z@^\*:4BA?O/K=+1B=(8X))<.&/*Q5&
M.(W]_D2]/]&D/Y^J(VR:5()K'[+(69,F48RCVBN6(CC


MYPH*]#2O?!C9_4@2W%Z=(5(QAC/\2DAYA

).)4[R!X:+KXNDH]



M1:8YZG$/@5] PI5H(Q6HB^I)+Y 5L[[DBF^%/Q-=7@K2++D$/KGZ?\C#@=_(
M-
&=L\=K&^'R5Q22($PNYQZ/(




5#M-Z/VQLA#\]EE
M(XV197.YYPQP6P%XOY
PW74W]DM._^5N_0]02P
$%     @ P()-47XHHXSK



7

M3AS/$ &%1!D+K'^V


W_C0@G]EFB=FLXX



+*
]JV=&;Q0H\K[-I
6;_@-02P


7OG#VJLVMDJ*RE_&)N

M1)PYX&3@;0.9.@033B$K4-HB9Z065IOJ:;+12T?46VL(9JYL+FQWL&S.-
M#[J&MQS\]'(EA9(E+ZAF!7K0\ -SI!626_3K@=74Y%JA_3IX2WZ_KL?%G
-
M@QK7^:8=X/8T )D8 !/T40J]5^B=*%CQ

C+E$8O$$D




)\0&9LEH:$Y*F[





M+KM80(9-

D=ZF2-^F1MNG&Y![;9\PZ$[K[H9 AVANJF=@D?&0H;3($_C
MH5 [#?

7O]7%4C+P:&'Z13^7@S)J\30T[9;

MR?K_#_22;B^EQ/\A^ M\_I70SISTQM]P%U&$23 2.J=EG&=A-#4?O3 3OS#?

M^+


6 ;T-0B*5%2D1AH[!CKL U!

0C_KD;J502_P3BWW9^8RJ4![S_&MU\6EU
M
W&J%8E$1+(RP=6_9S$725)94NOXKS$Z.?JL%+N?7ZPOZ^!5
(^\%/



;^ %:-

HEN@*?7E8H%]^^O5Z*I7WRL8T:CS='CR1




MT@AH8&PS4PP[C@
OFQV7S2Y:=IQ)H58+'5.WS





X-) +QFK
CY.OC6I5Q05RVKQ79:^TD%5O-:


^OBWEQ7;.


;VQ=Q

MTL['
K3 )CDF/F7
P7HECL7&3_#8SU3+R+&=DO\E)$I4MD#DWTZF&^1'
K08



M9.G882%AOMY. I)7Z@S$H:-W7DM(5!U+A UUC;BE_]C._U\9


+QH:PRL%YKA0:DTQ*+4 GQU(K2DYF%I U)[:EB:3

JCR46E-R*+4M#2;C#WX)



_&<KA\W6$_3RT[IW9V;IMGV%7/P7VLF?A8ANXH0.-=
M%Q.'Z?.




M7'.NT/

M+QQM6%8


M;]D#GW/U;7M;PK?1?I9EMN&%S$2!2KZZ&(SQV



M--

MH3AL1O'(2UUF?- 9QZH'[L8R[$N






M;$OQF$$KBQ8OH-LC


?:AB1NAG1FF-
G^G.













$%     @ P()-
J!5!S1[!F@ZHVMG8QGH)YMS_A0@!:N!



3HR!?C];A^C12W^\P.AH8'34
CKZ_^:_

M^-KYWHG.-L[I8Q;=FCU-CZ4FTSE%AZ_J2Z
]DS)&CA5

M2Z%4




A4F5LDV!GFG$* #F&CVDUTV$



M1B

W3

OX58_9





Y'@X'MXSWL3N?D+C34Z
U[%-^=^7J[JI0%K^



YE#8_0:'6$

WFX<YUG%.8Y4RTU\J^1*J4*J/ /S042$V=QB
M@;\#\;Y62+#G=9-M:?U&6G#S%9Z4L!#)UB 0Z*/@ TSQQ_-[$K]NL] W&!C
M1C1E4\*G#THJLR*!VXIK\!T[7$@-S(X;&:_78-V)\;#(LJ))ME8 X'FE*9)G
M\2K+LP:IC9_3K$[RLMY7M''DZP*9^Y^1\0\W+7J$





4P)E:
0\



MK3@NK38KP'W[C S8R/J$CSR6B+\6]KY)#9$!3PK#5)B:?_=A=6+
7K*KO)
M4)2)GN*9$0)#TI=K0T$F8JH]((QEWF3BFB%9DD_\&(@PK#U83 0_I?O$&-Q0




MA_YU G@3?1]!&(1 )(B(FO9Y/)#O 8JWC%TL21ZM5Q*6L/YS/-XFKAGJM2G+

-8US@D7&V '#3:.K8^. %$



$-<Z I%/2_A?(

MDXL6
40!
=
N#O?M*YD)4&$&X:%R;4]8Q;61O8*I+.??E;LL8=U\!0P?#T?3

9WQ]A1%;G&PB/)P11D9
MA888=PLL6^4@G&0?:4'R8G@1R3/\#']!.L-#98*Z 4V#I2)T1)/I%6AX3R7
MMVT077_@F5O;6^\5

MV-%MAG'*#83;)

M:T/7E[ TK?27$(F#+X%?DDT

MJS -:=:G?:*C3U-^(\\R$+P4OU@?R*@G6LC.ZG
6L]AN&V0I:SV.2D?96%(H

M@@^K/Y4L


&S(.CLPPOK/0['A2$C#R *Y:U&
MO9XO(_//&LJ+9

=&Y@
J:#*




4EVR9OVP!Z]IZDVX8!A(!?;[?1NBHR8.]
M;,Y?J%7U@#W_J1P(WMPXDC^N&/5A('B8CH^)_)@B0%4$&;#)/Q6&PL?Q' R





M1?(9\P9S-$A&#^(QXY\S$L*U/VNEA73RD$AU9/@6IZ-Y8:-YJ:/Y'BZ[Y\7S
M5_(]I2A@_308V$EC'\=CP+


6+232RSV
M(*



MHVOE\P$!8Q21AEEYH4& ]R
W-I0K T: R)R(..CRN\U#  CBS .$%1#SH^
R



M8


MJ.BS:LJR55
6GU53[IN:








.S'!7X-% \TFY(!=




MQU5%R-KPI.TW_



-Z.W4@

MTU39:M\0WZET?$S[$T0]=C6(D6P!P2O6M$Z$


V
M'E=-_MEG*+8==*Y- S*?G.P=M%NTZ!0;$?+L Q4LL14#;(;3ZDMW^$10'IT4

L:[R$FVO0B0_.Y=U1J NH1+=


(GB6]&%YT=5E&)QH8C1\/&AC%G]K *+T&1O%


MH6&$WP3' 9@?*#@':AKC3)P
\G\#\D
HU01'2/TM1]0((3QX:4 UN\^ZY#6
M_@NB]4)KZ6R5Z%2/T1M+:J':PG
R&UJ0*+/G83J ^Y
S




M'-33@4_A8Z30/A73YB.]NTNO1'P_YDW!_/-$^TZ/2N I;MXH/)3BHZ2 M
MUP+,6;Y ZO@=AV9#(UF
7P7M;5

34)XIXWT


M(/!N4QM1QF




:C)ZZ+1[*7\54:[E:D_L/) ED5RE]8/OX:H^3HFQ%
M4EM)'15YB287T#?M /A(H1FLDR)1#?1QNFNDW5 ;3!?C/EVL.YP\ 63.H[8V

BDVX!#M6G6W7S4YRO3^=*2.=&ZS

IKZK*ZW%X41X%_Z6 /Y U2J=N8;'A6+L\3G38'JZV+')]#=X&C(79+36J

?NYON6^ODGWYKG3AQ:UU'
^;)6^O$EUOK-O_0

M/9'..)ROW








MY&ASV)GKSF$:RHX2-!=V0ITUVD%

MG);)42[;3D1B)M=]T



MD?I&/

MN)S/UR@-Y+7&=.A]J-/%)M?:6W=OOH4)
0]I9J;FC&24S6.C\$







\.K).
MG\JJAS@UFP-_ICC[% 1QO,2_EHN+:#Q9G.#3-)J-8*=3W/%XML8DAI%2/'I







M'PU/


9SW^MSK

M _&_JO !^!W\\9\P GP+A):WO?_U!+ P04     # @DU1;BDNX@P'  ?


MBR)I-..O[


N


=6;^_F5W

MF&V3^


M E8-]-+MW[UQ6W7O74G!72\33/+LAS4[[+Z^C/J%VOUQKO41/7*552=&UC
MEZ-#Z]&AN_6C%O_1NX6Z7





M#IUSE/1[#B$FZO#@5= &F=1597@/ %7WKI(5O M(;&$ V2F+O.L)5?$U$&HI

MP44:H$#QK*RD3 .5Q


JCQ@@Z6'+'&X$5RUQEJ!;Q

M


M###S
-9B'E1#
?
 Y
(B)\'VDJ8!W[KG^1D)^]%(5=6)!L[:G/W:XL20FH5Z
MG2DF-CX 20KM.9FCG%S\&%:0*Y?V#G&#TAXN(
GK:?L=H5 LS1E[5 N&O=_C
M@
G^#_^\C^B.B++R-Z]<5$7SQ ] ]

MC1#QJ7FDS3X3\'E+('_




2_-BG\L9/\ZS+6




MRW[(GP/R0_*=7







OU?


X9
UOG;PJY$H?P1(F=%$


MP


H!?%X6*L52SO'#X@(_! $3%47PM_H@_JIZR%
M@T9(9EGY4'?. C\!SIK8?L=J 5;\4#=6NR0.2&?/-:^P7ECSFI11\4=^&.

A:Y6[=Q



$%     @ P()-49M8L2Z: @  0P8



(X^0AS%



XE_TY*S#@T&I[P0-+=R.H
2[4?$VNR
MK

M
SN[)
?K7ILG6R



MB5
O66SC







Y6D
^7DRPK



M971S+W-H965T
3



:O!M/K

WH'QGDSFA.J


*%

7L$;=G4.*[SAWCGF#7
M&


MMB=:4ZNX!-VF7_P!4$L#!!0    ( 
35'



]/9K54
M9K)9QV=7;K.V;=#*T)43OJUKZ1[.2=O=V60Q&1Y\5645^

M'':S$257-1FOK!&.BK/)=O'^_(CMH\$?BG9^;RTXD]3:6]Y

';FDTM

A6QV^
MVMUGZO
Y9KS


J+CR:G_#G #/&
02V'H
Z7;R+^W)JI6
T/
MQ7*^G+^!MQJ37$6\U2MXGZS-=TIK(4TN7F0L+I3/M/6M(_'7-O7!02I_O^'V

^X#U@V3W)+-K$!V$+$2H2A=7H-F7*1 8!-FED
M



M








2^N_;-=B


MQ;+OJXU%0T_DQY$PXS[

UCR#14 ]9\$\0K!
A^SE2MZ\


M='



MSH3(\.=Y&*7O1[
L6[R]O$R]F9CS=!PO1 2_3.-DSC


GGA

M


M3'@J/L3A/P

OL$?;R-(OG
M96708!Y$Q7_^N;1#K8*C[:C R@I




2
M6A^#K- W$?
@RWCDK4:

B#+BDTE$Z7JA&E



:R@L




M4;VL- 9U-&*;)NCFA;E4H9@,A['02;F:/1C65'90GR6\R8/TIG$:IS#_PL

XZNA'






1';$LM9\A
M4-\W*]#_Y



M;Y%'Z-;+Y!':DS11QYA6L1A=(LDU#T0&&=4[W6;6Q;[V0(=P18'WK% .]@
M7-=UAB&+8O

MD20
UH(DJ/
2) 'V^L(Y@AJ4
&WK;C; GFH/43H
ZC7LZ@'MU]*&V!GJX=






MR/9*5[WM]S'7=K@&;
(T4^%:M;G8*NL


I;3UTNB

YQ[\H:@
N-
(LIV



MT;1\/&(UB,A+1E)U3(E.@OF:@DQRAWZ^-V8KV7S?%
G<[+U?++5#SKIC#]




A !-
M 


4M+O8U
K9$5
MWJD241K'TZAB7 ;+N=][U


MBD40.T(H


MN
F%

P8E7-FL:#ZLR4852&HC?
R1W/+

L(M^=0(7,
M]\CS1)'189PAGG3S@1M_SAIKI;WP-5FJHFW'3KR.)ITR%9?Q-V]QULOF=SB

M;P:K%U O+9

WD 2SJ:3





V$+WK5PP$'UK M14Y

PQH[:V-KX3&UFZEK+(LR&M5JFF?9

NY:;V2FA\LN;:NA=W?L#+;17J2'A:^R4WEP\)T.6_$AA_9
M_]X\6

*D:R

W1OTI2U\MTLN42EZ+

FNZM5Q*/Y]Z
M8(:=:=';WW3V^1OV)SE]










MY6;WLC?L-2]^TNO





M[=Y0=U*;!:%
5!AV'+/


@.Q3JN&C-V3[R?#K

F\
M:1N]HW6YK!VH!]]IM1P391H E-N89_S@(2S&7IVNOQA4?Y%6@-IPMDUI+O

ML Y'N!^Z=

M$P2/=%GAVS9UFR7$QMF:L[ID)B]-TWL$)
V8[.TT+
JOZXV1G+[ R;43*C






SN+!=!8/9_-S9H'OH5D*
0!S6F8CX!\(NG0

GA'9)$JE8=2?AAO

:MUB7
MQ4\[
:
6.A-AN/L\Y0/SS%=E$US3:
-.6BO) 3: -O/B8C@Z#^)L=HTPSR;E

HW/0(

1AT
(R/.*T=U:(P

]#P)X=) EW[K
MV.%UWX8O'!]L4/)O_BR(D=SK7A



_YBZY$]_W;

M83QH)9XU!\=SWK



MT@:LKPP(NOY !MH?C&[_ U!+ P04     # @DU1'ZK.WK\#   W   &0


YX;6RM5MMNXS80??=7#-2@3X9NSLU9
MVX3[:*[0( @NVT?BC[0TM@B0I%:DK+BO^\
92E.T350H ])2''FS#ES(;/H
MC'UQ%:*'UUIIMXPJ[YN[)'%%A;5PL6E0T\G6V%IXVMI=XAJ+H@Q.M4KR-+U.

_L:@J/-H9/

M 'QO=Y

;YC:P@]=$DX#(?VN(KW4(.
M6=EMGF4?*P7WP3Q=#F%%@D@I&U.YZ[!
/'J$$^&?'PC2&/E3G+4$X%K8H]T
MU?B =)*6225*R@6EK&9E1B

M&B'+T933ZT2-0UE#6/)Y7_=X\IFZHBPE-]8T.#V8NA'Z0+=0B; QNN6ZB+V0



WLS[)_516&IU!PJW



M


KPQ6[_J=IXEF0O




MN5/H1:-

M)9J:?#.$&NZ#-AN!

]4N8


H3.B

M$@L$;M]M'2@.!]L=$CV&+S*B' 5$1=MWQ\'TZ

IY(.*W4:'L4-DDV1(3B5W
M#!\1RE49^RV DY\8&6T+O32#^Q'



HLH\3%85+J
MC
)+@N6VVYB8.#(=8$CP!B39=*IF#)Z\/PI'O2Q(?-375KO'H^HWD
91GV

M7GNQO83TK^^




 E^UX:EY?B[.9-6NP+$UH

0VCJVX.TO$UHSB01<?:4%J9(LV$ISM?


J5XA0ZSJ+:GJ[H@\)'5##N)V WG$AV@%K-2_MFX=&

]6&F/XMDDX7: _YJ_*.*JJ&M





=CZ$5XOOG#PW=A/#VCPS2GWRUH68^+PWUH6;!!KI?

M='



M@(C&]Q9ST)MTBH?C#OVC]YU\63.#ETK\S7-;G WF \AQPVIAOZC=[]CZ
W%X
MF1+&?V'7R(XG \AJ8U79*A.#DLOFSQ[:.!PHS*




./3N&-:
]XE?S
M RTB+I5UA2QJ:N8T\?@L(Q<3?OYR:C8^\.E:$=]+4N+%OW-Y^$L6G(96Q
MJ=!?R&(_A(L\YPZ)&L

MXV

YRKQX85O'TS3^+XP\\Y=H)'E?QR_4YF89J.

TEDX3V9A'*?!\L@2MA=*\&B-&$?#:-YPI]$IG#QWRXX.WC$4[ZU_K;D#



9&WM



!N
M'@BURFN!R1YP6



_&&
]W3Y*SA2T$;Z4
B
MFU3R+%/=-;%5B4E'N/^L!7RP+.E,PX#IC


%Q
M)VG(%+?0=[6:A7; RQ/W* Y )PQ+2?:XX.^Y6=BS[OM80[HS@P.HZ_Y%+T




M
DTS97+=%8/619=P4^SW_#MTD^%(0:ZX Z^YT4O8#:E@%Z+IY@&%(5EIJ
+=






MP5XT3?O@)M?$(K&#[1#X]SL[:2D
T


/K=X *+P@)1
V(
4UZPNS(5L/F+'9]_B);+0
M[@M-JQM//$AJ;639&5


M5IO0[


MR8'#&_PM

M7+OE!ZX35L /9



M@6LR#?NC?0]4.Y;;C9&5&X4K:6BPNF5.+QDJJT#RM:0T=1OK8/LVSG\#4$L#
M!!0    ( 



MQ2?\\#;YIC?$%:E


@J^J]_S\].)ST_WE=UL967

'YWS
33

MJU2_[-
2?MA&.:@K#NC7!7SZI'QE5A3E\'X%*K[#A51^O8EJ/UJO00?A9P6C
M[(J2)MGB'!4N%9Y7-;^:I=$JS=(ZE:&2M(JSHMJ7M'%8.ZX*9S[U#L^2P%KP
M!?RYDQ#XWJGEE.I.Y7M9@/H

O^E7X1T%QW4;;G[T$F

C2Z5^@W#:?WRP/XS[7
DEF%$



O9ZE:[
8
M?'_@OP6KXM).OMR#[RFS ZHNS5/$\;Y$(05#5Y!2 ^F ?=4F*I5]R4XI9L*#
M[:;;K4I NQ283K$2R3D!GQD!GYV5R&]Q86]! Y$=5=WI)IXV0L--:!9OHP.(
MR$'H30_']##[B%Q $_F(

M\C&8*!$Q*@ZV$'92*))7$
TFQ+^&=;5Q$:A!RC&!#F:QA?!+X8%:XP9S'\

_AM-#\\9X@:M4U0F

5KF
H(Y(_%+HW9;+T#.0R'HTG0W('?L8/*HRWX%V^N;EY=:H1P
M=?





-Q




M%S=I3NE@=K.4)&[SZN3&&KRW
2RF521L\E=1A@3SJ&(T\#&SN=N#Q8D)K40Y
M)6W)BJA[J]Q ]:9B1WF.&6^&08Z2^]$:9!



MF5

T%TR.TI5EX4I
MQ5 2+(HW@6 'R77L$ QBY$MQ19*R5;J+T@SQR)-1H0
)ET0E

M]&L#Z1

 $_ Z

M@9W4]C$

(_2HR!J%V+2/P8??9?



MDJ9NP:*\ ?#3(^_N2-IQR 1B VJ!/ 
B





 8
M123-@H4G(


.7=T6-@22&0GMJ\;%@ ?/SG6#A7
7#:;

M/=488IRUK,_4.$]/R3VZ[Z ,-6W_0(TY5WJO?2?V@BT]3DUD.20E44SV%X

.=F#/H=/N:I




MH^93:X1FQBK*/U7V)3:P$Z =AGR$,@'+-U7#9GC?D?=8+=%19'D'$IH2A_

<&&C:#V


MYR6(NB;T!? )OHI:[L'77;QY^^;])34=*RPR BU_)0J)F[;5(Z=J@MRH=D6:



MU\1W:L\XIOT)HA[[?83VIDAW^APC!YS.
2?: -;X6)EIS? K:H\FA G;3F6^


M*/R&'QW6#H]V*%@Y0:8.XIYU+O8
UNC\V:F.]N%.'W-VE!

D@ (*5MLJ03U728H(*8H'1D







MN3:]-G6CU6#0A(VV=X;&6&/-MFL0O?Y63!95KF%RH:YU)&AVK/O0V[26Y_B\
MVW'KQ9
.LK&VZQ-]78?2CON%&7&=/ \#XFPRV


)[$DQPO2V1
9[EVZ
MJ=IU6E:UKK9Q3I\:DC =)E$V)QWHO+3;1LO)CH'WSMZ;9+I;9:K^:-@?A_UP

M'6PVU2*L:U&.P(%.19)$T3J,2\'_F/V$655X6R&\Q\P,^%DV$7U'7VF=*@
M =WWL


A)Z!#


*PH2Y7=P3U@722W2\II89DJ
W38_ERF[J($*L4VA
M*

#STEF@YJ\X7:3P.^E&H;HNV1.[K\A22[2LE]%L?W

6(W'W*B5QUI<*%IB?I-3Z'9<AZ5ZA%UYT28C$I0.D$R

M*VGS7ZET3ZV5DDOMJH=\%#4

=2IT/;5B;D




M 1DP8TKJMG(.C5.




MAX$H86; 



MTQ0[D'KW2GG)PYGL6Z&O


8;N6#6TI=/







N65J-^IH[




MR[!N[\AQ'HG)XL1_^@..PTHY#9&SUB__T9#]BZMW,NM46+^X\!R6T#S:]A



QS

MDR5_ #XMPV^F!X+@ETIK^$_T^'Q.[A?!E
9K-.87AXI0^+@[/6V3*8+B;\
M^_$4IH6!+X571];IJ:QZB%/3.?!G@K-/0!##)?ZT7
P62

M11C2%L4($1^)?BHZ73J?8^=$13+.%$)4@#$FOC0-F# ALD\&_&0 V^/%A?






MZ:)C(D ZX+J7DR]@6%=JZCG!VV^C.GKY-=XK*Y5EM&?8\_K;WK8JV-^B_D[

W&I ^)



[/-0GD0

W\Z;XT/;^LK4^KQ!KETL5//Q5%?V]FA
MQZL/%^9Z[L.'R?'A4EWKJ?9_+


XE:C-01G


(.(A;+8*^Y1M7?'7MCY

U13V58Z)!JJ

M=#DZL[6#7)4J!'FJ*@A2HVE@XNBL!26@D7).@]D+)#*&DR2-HQ1+0F4IP33
M)!V4*Z.N3&5\R/T+Q' N)68IV/&




M-^Y[U







[H5#E3H._48OD#*DW5AH2]/I\&

M(VM#*5/


N@8!





8.&^#6


]0ZMTXZ 8'PYU8K9TW1)/1AJ_P'MW7

Y7N468/7D'I

M8A:?P$O:.I

PH_IPCI#@_'S1(:TS9#6&=)7
MS3OA25

M6'@#9_10LP9Q_*^#R!%RVM82NL





M5%&/VC 



/X+^]KW\C* I#*DBB;8


M:EA66J

?9(KI_PA
MY=82C \$%_%9Q^5[










^Y)N%&[DNG%^(9I-*K.$6W-?JVI(7]2B9+$&C-)I9R*=\/CQ?
937GLP(%J?



M
V673!644K=?\=C-82OA+-Z1D'0)2:B[)0I57@HG9A-K&F9]-*%Y([0:LJDX



3ES!3#Y

%L:R


UI&-J\@IK;0]V



*V;G@*R$%K#L[2U?2;#O9B&2CO,.\YYSV7$F+W#&;O0
MBO+/JDBG\)0@IPB#+91KE
]C)^:]4A2Z
12Z(DVL.7#EFGGB_][ZQ_+586


!PYZK5;C3E#68





MEBLW

X+W@NE+P$R]I^1K

4/M_M
ME)9X0OYZ SP9P1
+GEP ?\2+4W;(H-A#
:&76WK;GM[OL?HFK+F=MZHE!5VY


ML[D71 G
\B3RPC2!*YC'L;?( F=R*IQ7:0-3JJ

M7P7)


M:?!&X^4HGM#-BZ/



-A']$@7.3PO7ON3\9H0^7!/A8*;/A^



M;BJA3*\1/EYNR9RJZ
]76

3T9U;UV&ML&
MH2
Q?RG;N9<OB15C
R_];MC1V1Y9F
M85EF/R[;29F785'



35%
H66Y

T+GAM;'V4WV_3
!#'



S31'9VB#/




/(&[X1G7**4'.1F_.B;KC_2!A_

(@


MO'GDJ43[=A:1@WN7*.M JQ:4' $-$[C5BDH+'U6.^;^ R*GJI25[::OD)/%+

CO VF!!MA



M   ( 

U
M+GAM;
U536_;




/YB&JX4:K!;.2_
MVE_N4*9
(:PD2Q%

8C;X1^^ G 4QQ(1
%PVEO.




6

M8@^22AM9-
FDH

QU
MPJ6N%
+/LX4VBEZ
7WLHCEJ*(T=Q] G%G+Z7M.((
@-MF*F
5&^0U\2&B!4S
MJ(&)%##+T+V-[?I'-=]/1Q56Z&.K15*3KMS%O61W_N0X8I*L8=/G3CR ]#
MZ!UL1YTK)\/J7=&[BZI.NV[2MAXV(N$0#NSEB'#'&MGJG1(&U*;LT!66YZ

M;EP




M$#)
M&4@9MC@1V3

5'X4;#O--79Q!MYD.**
ME$S?B.UGK/4




MVS 


M;JPBF(S6;(5S-%_7
T52T*)D18E%U* PN78NXPNIHFU=P;?MSJO3/83!92
M/ECA8S;V0DL(.:;&(C#Z;? *.;= 1./7#M-K0UK'_7.#_M[E3KDLF
8KR;\7
;C_@+I^^Q4LEU^X+V]JV'WJ05MK(<N=,#,IU'_VN*O#



*LB$W
'
M%$E5 BE(2:TW*FLW^^#* T2.)

MG)XFSE[*ZFO])&43?%LNBOI\]-0TJ]/QN)X]R656?RQ7LE#?/)35
FO4V^IQ



@N(=;ZFY6+



M+T'5HI6W]L5F0&RLU2W
BW;LWC65^C97=LW%W7;





MF

M:HCJK3W?V+=[QO-%3##![&S\O$^I#:
1YESL8 ?AL5UXK%=XBSR[SQ=YHV8L




L
E73X\I




+;VP


MQF[QV+^^2[!]RD%(Q) P6;-Q6!6!(3%)LW&




B$


D7 *0DBI'95NCK
06 !(G(;HEY
M



MP5G9UV


M\U 5=
E9R*PV/X2D1
UVP4W*WM/F9UHHL\':_*Q?F_\(S&SS]_.6'H&9;7Y/

M61W



N9I/3++YE.M



!7


MBC[TA&[4.3;J!?I2U8QKJE 6R#%.[L@-7PL$9@S:2XZ-S@)T&[G?21Q[S;HR
M?6]JEN$LH#IL4&\QF$


.:U?2

MK+)

BQW^0V=/\!3('K%)4



2YX;6R-E5UOFS 4AO^*A7;12EL!\Y&F(DA-ND^I
M4]6NV[4+![!J[












D

0M[=W8Q

:O%!A^0
MOM9WEJ-X0
EEA=I)H\%B


]1DA;\L!V^O




G5HT;4AMA26)4]8
MM#Z!SPMC:!]X@F%F+WX!4$L#!!0    ( 
35&%I1W2E (  /(&   9

!#]%4+H(0&:2!:UQ($M
M(+&1+FA1(TM[*'J@I;%-A!)=DK:2O^^04@375MST(G&9]^:]X3:JI7K4*P!#
MGDI1Z;&W

@\4O&*R\;


9&/ZV
M

KZ([1^

81*\ PA80OA5 6P!U1AME
MSM:4&9:-E*R)LM'(9ANN-@Z-;GAE5_'.*)SEB#/9IVH+E9&*@R8G4S,WU*


M?@.*
Z%QF_)JJ:#@N
2]18\/1(0)#89[4GNBXBA-^Y4FG=+DJ-(9RQ_9$O7U
MZ4H.
L8T2O=U'4;1(:7]LM).5GI4UOVW^ZLO?9+2@WT5IG$2Q'N:#L.B((GH







C0
E#SVD *G%LB(^-W

M@6WU;K(G_P!02P


M10F#C4R+DLL?EX#Y4WL3)WCPW9%\H
N$E4X3UL0=U7&Z%[;N^2D1*8))PA

R8[S!].YR6+'


MOO4+GO![QWG6$$H19AGZ&WE-9$JYK 6@;\N=5$)_7-]'P@9]V

X?A[*2M

M)YKW1/-1HKO/=\N/I_8]*CMK/RW7__NT7.Z@5)EKXA



MVV[B

MLM([U2)

8


ZX04' J1N8;B_2<7:;Q((XG0(*MLDQX


!J0


[WBTH# );E&PTO*
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0W+GAM;)54
MRV[;,!#\%4+H(0$:2Y8LIPID 8Z#HBT2),BC/10]T/+:(D*1*KFRD[\O2<F

_9(RX66I.[M362IKY$S G2*Z+DNJ7B^!R\W$&WK;@WNV

M?+:;[XN)%UA!P%'RT#-9PTSX-P2&1E_6TZO2VF!_?66_:OS;KS,J8:9Y+_8
M HN)]\4CUC2FN.]W'R#UH\3F$NNW2_9-+&CL4?R6J


?34H+]/.6_K*A







X%/TK%MJ'&6E:L$0JB12D^YJ=Z0915/-
M[,-J'QQP$JN L[;33/?7KPT40G!,TNY+R\?U\3G7YMP;3PZ,/XDM(1+\S+-


)N6S


I)(#8'5



#7(B5I%\!57!OZ)7P'%D1/^^+6^![GP#RD&<@M+AX.(PM=/PF

F);N
M_3B=A
1-0F)K0NYSIL3^B\NIM8R/4[0@'0K\A72WX_3D0Z]MO!X5O&J(%SN
M;#56QP-B?]3W $/@J0=V^1X52GBM&3?FK]?+2!OV/Z70]] H/J5M(P#!$=G


(O1'JY]T4V/7-

M:KNR^






35&M#\[)

MGOT*PI@!9H!!3%+W1A*@.[['=[M['Q;[H-A


MA^W6#=^_

M4
*;Q]ZBJ]<H[<I3$/R5ONFO[QHXM8CY;!6G$F[RXY4]
M


@0:$Z@L@0M)V@E







2F0TW+
M.0

FG)OBK*
6QLP
;I9^-T



+


M3B95E&;9FE9$30$M4S=*6C
0
KU(1PU*K@!9)]=;?<1M*_:[A#2
ZJXD21N+(F;2/IM

M7?'5[!N
?P






/M!%Z?5C53U3


M0'CCN!1U(B]&@PK%B'DI9Q!^/6



H,-,!LE
MY)DZF(P2\BPYJ*$/






M6;KI


MYU#(K+M6




H:]PB
Q\DU,F%2L?_2K*CBC(PD.L 8%JHPHS
M:273
?ZH/DX^2FCZ44*SCQ*:?Y30XJ.$EA\@5%QZE]L]5%!!%WWB=TB!#RD6





_17!V$
'
MK/4MOJQ( C3)AG98AZ+%MH=A#XK-Q
)D*9/DI/W[4;+KI:F3[276A3PZAQ3%






M4)+/CX99^:)GW 4
;U6W).OCXLR-F;MV/?X&G6QR\ZY%F+'!U!#B-R*X6I

M';H;H8UJ\'(;3:@HR364:R;6Y

2\I/ET5;#(0:
M@G4/IYZ-6?[ZUB?O@S0^K(X!NX

M_X/U&3;(MI_]A6F[ZRU5^
!HPF&%D






JRM*PMS%9
MJAL47



=XT:D4G\D21Q


RH@0AH/Q&??]_F[+_$YW6GSRZX!D#U74ME9



MN^4
NBT=


5JM&(*IJ$<51]][+]Y=!E-;\Q)F 75[V8+0<:.'9;_YVD*
M#/=ZC+L0Z)2NA+)
PI*8H\$5N6.:)ML$J&O?=@J-U


M:&5E='

RYX;6R-56%OVC 0_2M6M ^MM.&0A!2J$&F MK7:)%36
M[;

-3=KSM],\)1,'=<( @8;91B(?NQ@#HP9(BWC7\/IM4-




&#UBSJ@58'BI?VBJ^YT@/#+C/]
M#@!A$O1YRKDZ!F9JM&^5^#]02P
$%     @ P8)-48/3O*ZK!   4QT  !D

R!1GI0F

6SYSC-25)XH?58O







MD .J3?8R\_W!P/

RKN5Q7W.U3\A?
-1'*FW\
KL##F$'U




_?8UA1KV^ISW#^PT:8N^DQ::[ ) Y$#OFZ5]69^QX;3B?#V1R





M





HI)M

_@IOP_;:Y_[-[?%_9Z&






M6?0/L$R=
/##$\@6

ML\
-&KC!(-S/@)#F


MQU

IZ#


 7RYY:0JP)ERUYHQM4]OBH]+R58[11Y$^*N-\EZMJ




U5I3+

M$H#;BZ+3A;0(NN$T=




MN^G;KDO.M


1.C5#&4?'00'

M$;=Z_GD%. 6$(QN-$XFHE=B)#=!B8ZA'F#A7):DSZ9'
/.6'00'91;&Y&TJ#

V$/V5
M@9'!,A:%]_BA6T@L;MHP0(DFS[4/2!EL86$8K4DI0=_WV'E*QH=QWU@NV#

#-0)4J:V2I=
$M#O0M-
MJ9%E'E2(
(FB25@P+H/EW+][T



8@8/3-LC/&LF#?
5

GT1GX^A_#XUF/FV%;OZ'G&_Z'^CWCJZV8
MN.I)



MYD1S
1A'-7\


M6MJ;_[.G9VV:V8_KZ;O9O^CI.'H[?:(?V]4-7U?'-.D*J?OZ;\-JO6'GXQ0
M[_P%Q$J*FGK



M
W-F?)G)AHM'F0


MJ*!!'(;#H

3B!U -#P
@,*'RVR10FMG,!TG#<EZSQ =8HAC=<*9RB2Y9ND^0:!=

/4M7__M
%T0F5 N*P'H
M]]E**J%WXA^'B4%K8F!-# Z86JL*L7%,[KWES[*( 6!*1)805=W&2]./+#


B(

&3*&4Z(P+8 G(+B5NFI$?A4==.MRP


 CV?







B5Q^N
MY[[!6VRNGW6
=RUC=(;QVUZ







&ULG55A;]HP$/TKIVB36FDC(320






M=#8P+GAM;*U86V_:

.W!P =8=6)F


*9SKA_%\ANL!34MWU!PE?VBY:IO




3]/QTC8Z^''=#;0:W%.%P/=#E:BR8Z#O\_04Q=%71(2

M:+M)S]6
#J$7F%VH0X@Z*-MTU.?IROD
4=#5S


]+:)6S$U
R9K

M5I^HJ





ME1.6*L1A;)#1:=O(DZOCI%5#BUEV(C





WW['*4GHBE\;/CC/J0WK@Z?[(
M/@_:G985MSC5\H?84#F)[B+88

M.K#+H!*J7?FAJ\
)8'@)D'2 Y+V M .$RK$VLR!KQHGGF=%[
-[;L?E-J$U

V0N) 6ON.!

F%P)^;=0 TO@C)'$2GX%/WPT?WO\-


MY(0;J+GQA^=JVY*/ [D?T%T^O+F/Q^E=QG:G13SCE\;CV]$?OS9[=M(Y?FJ_





V-[ZOLP)*

MEHTS


1.:
W
R;JCADY&2NZ(LM:(





I*J?@'ICY
9-T:4T.)/=



RYX;6RE5%F/TS 0_BM6GD)G&2


MZ

M;*&*7+:&40$+A73+.5$/


7[@)\4]OIDC5PF*RFW;O.YF@:1
P0
2N
8B'WM8 Z

 E3!FK3
W
G])^CS\09+
MR;1_HGT7.\8!*EMM)._!U@&GHGN30U^'$T \/@/ /0 _!:1G $D/2'RBG3.?
MU@TQI





FTL3:Q


7GN\P2RS13C1\WI-2XM\'3\
MQ/[.Q4ZQ;)C&&YE]Y8E)Y][$@P2WK,S,9WEXCW4\0\L7RTR[)QQJV\#N-1&



GH==A)^.'





M76O;





RBL'$7+RHY:UH$-:BVY
M





]!/+LZ#+TF2_/2VN$W^3D4I&5Z
003O+5_0$Y;
M?C5DW=M&]%E;^[M=7C1W!;?/N?0/4$L#!!0    ( 

M   +    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.=DKENPS 
0'_%T)XP!] AB#-E\18$^0%6H@_8



M2$LS#O#-TG\R]_



$%     @ P8)-49[R






P0R.Q_A+SS$/X+ENDUN]X)$T#F&1.SGF



)L0B&[*&;6AC[&SL7\+4Q'&:$A%@)M[X1


3$7)&23RS:
M5KHA OMI)(R #I*3@)J.AN44\T9*/;'H5E;\W7EI?/=)8 2&^2(E]@4:A?]*
M0TS
&BFQ-7#
+









M6PC






&35' B&UTZ0$  'XE
M   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;,W:74_
!0&X+]=FM8Z=?\B'C

M1G?%6@7U)J06T==6IE;WYJ8OOH7YDRY-_$Q&12L-)VD;HXCGV-;'9]2W.S

6M0MG
M:4/&ODSH5[X/V)][6)/W=46C1^/CO6G3+K9I6(C;AD)^O

MP
I19!4HL@H4606*K )%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19)8JL$D56B2*K1)%5

M  @ P()-47Z+U!3N    *P(  !$              ( !KP   &1O8U!R;W!S

M     ( !S $  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     # @DU1
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ P()-42U9K A2!0  Q1,  !@
M     (!K0P  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M 
35%^**.

M971S+W-H965T








M:&5E=#$P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
35&;6+$NF@(  $
&   9



4     # @DU1[S;GJ,T  #U!0

M 0(4 Q0    ( 
35'





4



2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     # @DU15HBY

M=#(R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
35%L=B@QQ@0  #(+   9

C



M Q0    ( 

M

4     # @DU1N4)9F7L   .!0  &0              @(&$

35&/

M965T



Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
35%418S:1@
  +$'   9



4     # @DU13*%EN4L

T
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


M48M.



4     # @DU1D(7#4U8#  !)0  &0              @('\ P$

35%%0+;Z






4     # @DU1CVM[SYD  #Z

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
35&F
C;44 (  
-@
!   SA0  !D              (!)AH! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE
M970T.YX;6Q02P$% ,4     # @DU1K0_.R:H*  #02P  &0

M 
35%_K[BV&@


* @  8@0  !D

M% 


35$[K3HF20(

N


M:&5E=#4U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


M:&5E='
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ P8)-49!B3MR
M P  X!


:*QDE7 @  TP4  !D
M         (!RU4! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



*NQS     $P(   L              ( !XUT! %]R96QS+RYR96QS
M4$L! A0#%     @ P8)-49[RL#SD!   )RH   \              ( !S%X!
M 'AL+W=O<FMB;V]K+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ,&35'22;QM$0(  !<F   :

M 0(4 Q0    ( 
&35' B&UTZ0$  'XE   3                29F 0!;

  $!H 0    $!
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001213900-20-031078-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( 
&35$5DOVFP2(! .7G$0 1    ;F=T9BTR,#(P,#8S,YX

ML0

_]
MY4PXY\\XY







[9Y[_A+V1< !_QU/G;DEQSL







B-[3#


SN

'(&8H'=X
M/4/X_8]_K@%OH&_EN?#7X.*['9R]3Q[;H_OO;W-!I-%[FX_?*.?]PK+L$!AG









M8B'ZP4/TE O1QJ\3A*F@
K^.^76T^G5$0#OVZS 
/@X2



EIB'$6





].16A-'WV

-A__7!

M*Q.:085F
MH$H5-ONTS7Y/IX.3Q6.DG59V#_Q4MK&[#5JZ.OCL2OCJL1NV(&?OHV-UO4=
MBM&A(BGQ5)E



M-WK09-VETP/F!Y4U .JVE6VU:F/Z0'3@TIZ0%FGO;::C#$]8'I020\H:Q+6
M5G\DI@=,#RKI 97]C5CNC,E^![*?30:GDV!=71_$$E],B#OMV)C.8'4EQQK

A+B2$'?O$[



MH


M].?



M==UACA2-ND&1(S6VQ8 )-!/HTS#FL&61F-T^KHQ(D=H-ZPM2ETO!NI4D+99
M-Z803&H4HC=Q02+:XUDXE:/Z%E




*JBCX1Q1&)/K/U





MA5?['L)&;IM!Y+[YYC
G:8:LZ]T@5GOF1$W(Z'5;2-6:.8'7-+VQHH-?W/;4
M9IH&$(WB-57.J&-J=M'JM;4J8*H*\UP*;H0ONK,D95YX53'DC+64JTAA)6

M_]5^7(29&T(V/P;QKX%PR+TLO. W@WQJ=Y?^].7Z[/W_+F0DL1:^/5)9+;



MB3



5!51M(Z5X5#
M#:P2+PFZ=18I$,T-K-().]^#_ [!/@ PM^V
82;2@Z[D=0!6R'J-;43Q4;
M'=I(J_KAB)(&GT$42?8K=B]IGA572-U6+%82:WO051T07Z2*!
'[W-3I*.C][DH!X






MAJT!MA394[D$4 O9[SZ2KDU?T:


MI0GWR9V=__UMT=#[H^1[\ZGUP+??]O5'K.



M=D W3
!L?9C@PK7^B2RLLV72BD;1T:
]&DA%LA/WN_SDXF:1(+JWYNP/$P
#
ML


Z+OG75C

A:$51_

MB@?80=^L\+
?_UR3W64 3@+^-;A9A[@G/(XPYFR1+Z//WRZ;S?S;[/^M7T

M8Z9)9;C'['@C[E6UXP*3ODIV?)=]F,?6SH:;938TM$6]]C2T8A[;.EHQ#^V
M=#1B'ULZ(I@?OZ]LGPQ3HR?R@+O-ZGA76?A&1]QM6A\!!U='D9'$HU!FV84


P 3+Q?QP\8W)_KH$
V-G U'
_2+F_G7
7
V#I

=+F8'\X5/AI?X$5[#\0M\)W%W'/


M\?#*CYO?

6E0%OH&
S
M!*;)MS;V$Z]!$^Y7
):)&7Q CR98T=G

M!&P6L47$HYN/CSX

;TK
M

;#A6_)0%=E[.

HJRV$! P%1FF#RG'+
M5$K5LC17

M;O!9F!9H:HA]:= [\'X%_!M)D3T06V(,X=GC2@2NMFK+CP

MM9
 


M?L(6G^W
6]L(T[8QOYB1OEYX+Y?






MS!69WG/NN&M'VP;:GAP@Q3S^-02X9K^ NRS+G9%\7/1?N*R
QN9@MO





8+AC+1!:W46V6@#4N-)*L3431:HJ9ODYF+W5?S&5RCN&\A

J8+ZH3B6^+]X
3HTQDK2VUZ
4*%;L)FTZA=5R
C-0S2.J
M,D?51M[.HB+!+!:+9[9];$\52Y*$T.2NF5BWZ9V%VDY*=NXN;_X7)I4N:WI
MA8$XRUO#9K:R:U5IO)1]TY2)RBM52&U/
4;



\+L+Y&!CR+R*V.#^&L@F.))]&$D4^


+RY)S?*DI;XKF


MY-L1YZ/%N%9!2*M$:HWFA6'.%)OOMZ(K8U9EMCMC5F6V.V-:;)=V-;8[8U
M9EMCMC5F6V.V-69;X_'QK;^M\:&2CU*;W?V.HK[]1

T+9MI^X1Z,5]XG$Q_P6T<'(-IS9(:@U+@_9-)P



+JFMWH]I #-H$N&^-'=T=$
M%W]PR
5=6#/59Y




M
:-^Z@$.PUO;13A:P?:7X9P
V[!1/&&BP*0J4G$

M97.B3BK,:KSI/FGD=',@7TM++E%V)VSTO:]F]OJJ-L5MZ($TU2)RHO5)N8
MGP;2D H+44=&J7BM*;)%$J].-+EX71R!Y.]F$XS]9(*Q&F3MR:E]&7KMT41I
MHNO%QX79VM.[E8NW]\/;.+;FP&PHNC 1#Y1E4;?B?(BWL;MG'VE9812#GZA2
MVRM


]9S3N^]$+9[PR?=)BDK:G[85$?U_'&8G$:
MUY[RH,5&0?!NT].45%][;IVU:]2GGP]++3M7HJ)E?NJC

M






M@G&7'[+4!4M=L-0%2UVPU

11(N
M?!\?YBC_H


MG!GYK[7SPHER=#)[ GAZY

MX^OYCPH3S# \8(P^H=%!48/;R/
#AN% /G(?S6C&S]-IW]:D8U?P_A7S#'0I

  Q88M9

M'UR2J;%=5-1#,-04SI2G)[^%;F*:_RFM@4WYL5\DF:^)
+)@1]WEV^:C(3
MECI!4-(ZFP.H)BY5&345-5'2-:5C7/!G Z^#@1]^NYLAU_1M[]9'3[:W#IR7
MKZ3Q








MU 
^@JP^$+(-W* C% DT4%1:)=/$'/.6\*OG!;2R^6Z_$1BD0:**)3;JJL
MVW1QN0T';@P4T2










M.14/18A\6JY

M




M9OK&7-P

T9P?X

?85E909PC[A(5R6H9]6:5*
M+FOK%+%-.=()5W

+W\U
%N)Z[H7P

M)*XU]LX7

/&CG0F_B<(+JI)YK%+!O!L73NU&X5L3!UIQEN#TI.&-R)\;

M^B_IO3NN!MF@
\


D




D6
M#G_Y Q@''







M'PCV;W?90P4@LO

M8;- EK#8VL%O=XBH+2?I8F*82+\=

M!S'8OC=)

D
O#$OCKVT
ML9/Q &M-9&(PSY9KQTR1&9L\#G#'LT!



MO]6*_+4][W=?8S9

M

+YZU#(
;%]N.XPYCQ
M%3
=HPL[

K%YWIWWG-=66B%4T
ML98W=9


M;[H[L$O!
3[&.^J/0#9=/EG+F[Y$Y22;E#0.J7
];RABU;QTEB+6^HJ0BG
M0!I8RYL6]E^LY4T)W%G+FQ%O--@T4#$-/:V:K.4-W7U6V%10
Q4Y&GFH0TAQ
M9GR;VV^2KR_._2?-F0B^@^*#=]O31+^U.1Z*

M6.3(;.XK)%)&SQDC4S&T0YDO)CWM %OH@:LD0EK9#+R^6-3%@CDW)K]UC[





M+JY*5Z[S

T/9F#/JGM(^Y






54_DTJ*[O9!K3$5:++/2@Q-9?8MPA7S[



M1
^L?O-$HRK]!#^
D-0G^-L?@47U^'2[PWA=^WR
?=ELQ'VJI?BD[4I
I8

@3=#U0*-@3=#%0Z-
M@3=#51F-@3=#E22-@3=#U2^-@S?


:7Z_#XKAZC5JUOL.:^F*
MJ:=)\KLJO2NFGB+)'ZQ2C_H=8(=E?862H=!$_5!5@&.0C*Y*!HLE@Y;U8L@*
M0]HEH\MRQ&+)H&7O/&3UXC@DHYM2QT+)$&BBGE7NM,F;9I+!RI%U ]5=3D&


M9T



M*JO@

MW)%]&SFYF9








M
^;ENT^7IDO@4!Q=N*2#(;\8(^50J6 6P'E
M7;.0AJ3$N%E(12YBYRD(04Q9A92DGD8.0MI2#B
G(4TY!E&SD(:T@NC9^'P
M6861LY&9,+(64A##F'D+*0A=3!N%E*1,1@YVE(%(R8A;3D!T;.0AK2 B-F
M(2W9@!&SD)8DP
A92$/L?U 6_FJ&!
TK
T341?;?)\$+J3 /DL:_





M R/?;


&I[VYS






PY MX
O*PN50QNNRV!]E
MG<50<V^\[W'*.@N $L*^!_8[UW9^.0O]-9B:MXT1[C JV1G784*.T.XJ_A=

IY7Z%@YMOD(WT=
8/^+O








.1R_0G-[
M9A=G((]@-A4D43!X)74'P7%@K:!7BG%305
!*OZX*F5<;CUD=SY/LH$KQF
88M\)Q1



M0%


M158
7I5J(E10N]7C!*N2I&M\VNL]A%$#_*O








UK&VZ4










[ R9\G?@_#%0;^<S6'@=YS

M8A;)M3&:$/85D3^XV^]'



VCU9@W''@)LCP!Z_C9+TF$WL
QB08QUX<0<VT 1,<G&K
MRHVI7-@AFF+6 <VN]^R;8&7W0&25*(5OHA&M8-LAF=4HVD)ID;3$I%(F/3]S
ML1YM5F;A7%F%C;@=*U,RX <'FR4R+!=XCFU5D3!L:@NIR44]9_03YHY@=,R=
MJG(+MA0(@O5D[5K8GGK^.\Y_?'@C\O)$E/2)J@_'9+MV-QJ:I'WMK=N%S(@

3JX,+267+<GS=JSNCU4:N(+D%*VA)@3YU]I48N@H#AS7%
M:88'=B1G@NB8KO[RB3'

UUSWUOB(0/$6?8C:6L?+9'G6VZ0J%\
JK4(B&[F4WR0 B+T5MPYMQ_XK



6T6TV8Q
M;1;39C%M%M-F






..B





MR\?O][[I!J02*.J




MUX&@_1;@9YE)V0M


L:\VRUH\L:WVV+L=;M9



MZD3A&P9)AHK-*@8.

M

REW/LXE#H[(ZD2FY)*].!9'

+Q/T;F3[WD1P.94UD




X5-

O(37V]$L4;[+4I
MFY(L3$2MK=9AM.1Z*,[D2ZH\D51AE,)R&FWF#!F?WVTV 2R)7Y@0%/2)SK,4
M_NG, 2U&G=8$OJ)+$T$=Y_)_$A9=$22@HF%I',O='TLAC]-G&;DI;X'Q%.3N
M'9;#9#E,ZG-Z20[SSO[^C*8^;V)60)S^'032VR!9+8+($)L.%)3#;2VQ)
L*;%N0U0Y_(XIAO3Z4Z@2F!OBK



M\MM%L E-ET!+WD%+$C1=Y966\#+JSFP6)U'71*6MF31JS&0&'4%0!%55VT2G





$JY+P4E
3\XSPH/_\2H'8=8BJFWY@N6
M_#OBQZX*^JH6A'V)M!J@H9OYO.NJR
'.2T*ND*7PY+ K
4DA^_@\3; 7S_
M+]/W3=AV]L9VF4^)3E7\:A+7VF0(8BWD

#HY4U

MV@-^259)Y'.9Z0P&P(A$TPQ5

O/1 M ^B6HYX-O
M3[A_(N<)8:L*'#+=8%K#1C<N<6]NI38SU9M=K Q1/'S0Z6#)LT7&:S_&RS!
M#I ?TB= \/=8UH9:=MB$UIC0#1W%
WKX%
Q@_&TIQ?NWR\N/'Z^O2]0_:_J/




CHKBLJUWG+%J

=T26GU



AV
U(3[

MDQF
2Y7^G=?S/%(T:;BA1*$P'6@L7G]0)U[#Z\?F,CR9X\.0MD306
NQ@C

5OM%:XUX0 'C-(2F7C%QVL&A]O0G&^0





X1.XV:(/1VH4M8+2?2NVC8&^ %:%@




&O(2[1
MM=!#6


MRL$+VAFOQ\OKOF-V].\)&YE\2EVD5[8S.ZY&KY*
8Q4?+95]L J/TZCP$ Q6

M

-%G?-%5EO#XM7K-*D+&X

MG&LKFN+7\;UJ9=N1;#.KY?MG=S@U-9;;URZU5:[RHUQH\TMWJ!#







S]J-_]:-F]

M S)]X\S]




6N'V(_M?@;8/.]
M'[K?__R?_X%$^4?Y\(
[8Y/49U^FZFN\S\9=

M1%;19

MM0*$Z[:N%6#9;DNW5K+X8=T.*X_'%]VBN-B[)A\QZN=GK?SNV:2@YL3;
E


MM=0^9L=[^OKPW 9V@W!JMGD96+N]







MF U5?4
,^Z^,NIE69XS[3X\XGB64G+M/%E(GOY3E

GQO&7R&WWGP.R6$&
M




Z;4FLE+/5J$'!US/J*$63%
MP#'WHW[WHV7W1DV[WQF:FV!N@KD)=!
J*C%J[A
V*1H5ME2JP#0-#!4.CU6&
MH*IC#)PUK50!AHNGU^.H)&=-

-ZW(3%
G_P):D6V8
+XM6J@#H5=#

O]FAHB?XY3$1Y.6#G:LCGAGZ[=/J$

MU+UQ&R+-M6_






M.W$

MIPX!ACPM8*S?@1@6D0=
9/E8EIG](L?K\5^%6?HZ7;16&[D/ U*W4&_509ZP
M


M!7





M2^3M#[8*V#


$7ZCCW\5^IE[Q\
M#K#A(O4:_&_L6L4FL/Q'V6NN+



R_L

MT(M]8/Q_X\]!!I$VE/


@8V]NUR/J

'(1[%


MB5H8YV-BZB7\X0[G57



R^8O(UA%$?.MNBU;8JN(

66R/T


MANPH-!R68*-$GL;TA.9G.9CH&O8ZPVZ_G1.G2ZN]%J)7B;!V%UARN]O:#B1Y
MQ7^+


8 Y!A1(O,N8$&H,+S+.%?]367Z\0BET_C-.(\=GT!!6NO.H[

MRIP$T )D



9!XZ (68GS0V!
'9)+4

M5=XK+&4

]FH0 HJ4^A1'G*0%W; H&0^X0




MJ0(


4-O6E69/PWU.T(76


0=+:4=!#07MFL+;E4KJ3]S5B[_'G)G)Y1E7ME%+
M]GUD
!Y8IEQHD&!RT@K(,^,O:D5I^XL]S!W *J[;W&1G@ #5C8M\+^!28*

]


OY)3
!TC5^;AJ\BKB&E
U

^$QTXB-O71






M@
[OZ(Q-0/M$R?3*H*/ZZ$#6@6Q*W.[=CF0'XE7&B5'S2M6\W;]ZYGK8G1;

+
H%!0Z1/LYR/H(Q\SV&KD4O


#?34




J?8C
[EV61LYY#:]5




9<%W

E=E -)&)BH


G /'2#!SR;$C'@D7

(D*-

/-7C[9?N

M$



M0O1=HY?)'K


M)NI0-Q6:


M6!Y(7G
&1HZ#E40W95F_R^@%M!3V()?6IW;*V(/WEK4PV
E6%$UW&MC!WN

X&<N(P@
V^Y'GH\NZ*


M%/H=R&/ /.+
LOM?B FW5$;S1.X(WO?GW2OOK*''C?18KQCX*\LT
7.#18=)



:.OI


M=

+-8Q8




(@\]QE6U/)(Q\^WHOJDX?$F4YU$?X^]7TT





D)3[I*;:J#]NFUW!^W=
M\5X1\-O][EJ&60O2AS-H-X=VMS/<[PQ.RN2_A31:O%S).@E:-RE/M:-39I0


M_*=7\YAUVVX.1G;W8


MV%1G$U54;

2 HIN;5+!38Z;7MUIH&

MUSLW[_#?PCCF4VO# R@QA_4SV:

MB8C##.?


D




$']E0+ UM(=-$\(_GS.HE.O:@_-^S8K7X]
MQ?]9
USL3N-X60ZZFSU)R5'P#Q%8C=^R:&:6*8E8_IR1CF@_?C

 %/EI/0&P--KSL]K


MXT]IW'ATG





M&SYRG7AF3?WPV488OH-:$T;6-(P8K&VY:12QP'T!1A!_CV\M?7GVY/BID\!;








)%Y $V\_A1K^/D(2\)7
V8/J87^/!G84^TO0

M
?H JH%1<1Y2@0BW
0X

/\Y*JR7-E\!E&2U-;!TA&C?


0W6^&Y(29K]-5C

U28*1!R^(QL
M%63GA+@HZ#6HB (/_FL:,#&NH=TDODCS7TC!GSO_#/4I.A%*.7GJ!L!N_1)

M-!.IZ8'VXK

M#A_X;:39?^R2T\C46GY 


?Z^G+:A .2RX0.




M+:9$@X_ ^O#V[:Y:G%1.!;S%@+9R65Z ))6L&YD.: #S#&420QN:Q&M$MBR
M%N

$32'@6X72*F2\H.%1B'H^CD@ 1(5O\JI9
M0K]/O-CU*3\3'^2I3(]:F+?PG0P
OAI*!A4+D.,R#TL!2L2Y?#TD*SELB9I
M)#/22G)UW1U? 6%S*D!M/JX%T!#Q)-TDED8:^B[S6B;\H;2.$M=E&E'2ELK
MS3)3R8%V6=9B+F-SPH!TX.LJ/ U[AFW\FS[@6199ACJC4$8-@SUH.#Y8*-
M#F


M6\ZC@WGBPO?D

M_-QY44LOG!?!:PF1E

0EX(
MPM45GH^MZ3%D0U)9&KV-C#T%@RQMXKY0Y/2QA
2A2JE

M0H\?*1 W_/*[NV4]3+^O!-?+BK[NDL\K_2_F:)O!$/%5S2H;JX7]4!$)3
MU+1&*H=HGW()0N+NX=X:MGK6E5:KG O6_85-0 P\7F5Q/@K9;6I/,6:JH85(
MM'H6P
6QSL^AG1($TCQAJ40,$Y[U)DJJSEQ;,310XE'86!Z%AS R*Z&F-
)U'2PLV<$XZRI[]Q:ORWH. <KAD5$Y=!8)N/X\
M?^_

Q1A&G
M7;;

M)%7E+[!EGDC
4

MRPED/-


BIAPD%._$4TM

S_#+*@W6QU

M_K-X

+TUN2%S X*!-2F09JP[R-

/4R
?PW!HC%FT9/GBN:=\E0HMS^0CDD031?
MBU4S2!5QPF\^SSQW)EJQ$9SHU7/YA1N+#WV6OZ.P!OLA.J/QXAK
Z%PC
J


AF


? ;H


FOPC7MRPES
$2SQA+


.'/D\GHS%;VNN^^6ME0F=;]CN

89JV2F/R//)?LRH/) HN
D&R^0


ME?F72'[- 1
\-6C\3\%EL2TYZCFX]'HQ#-_G$6#.CS9;1F@!Y7G3LC7$=WMK
M_9WQ7O;C/


]\X+_C(

3$$OL2:9I[Z]8986ZE9'-Y)SZD*^M
PD4B





MQ_26+.K5;&GI5AV%11V5+=4[9:\FB7J[91;6/F7OC-+;ZPV-_&M%.QM\#@H6
X_#('A?G9=Y/D^+9X[\6
B^2;$;+LC=HI827C1JN4@V28
/



9IVKT




M:$!S&4_Y_S*EVI;=






M7+4!JI*.^]UY)/]XB#./V5SEU&&]#^=4Q!55EIH?/K.(3_.*$^OZT^=/7VYH

5T1:_ABH;SGI;S

MAR(N(5XC55C4SDEE%OJYIL]JT;\



M'<;]@X5,O #;\;VSVKW;T2+)BH]J4&\T+N&/*[C3,7=3^4JG'456(:GGI-E;
M1TG4$N6TWW 0^,XB[6C8V2_OZ@W2I22SQ$0&%=_9 &*'Y)P+UB:2S3/:VZ)


MRROK/O+-+'
K9RQ/)9V)-@8@RK
'$')6HBH2Y9UWJ.F$^'9$N;V\

WJ84W4B4V8:M5

E%91_H V&G
M*6;SA]-I++I%3I98L85-[Y$ORBGADJ.-Y4@Y+REC)0H$-'14[%IP=]D 
DV



M:\TJ'!3KW7\09C4\QWO[BXU.54&=RE?3YY9F3]7;LUOF!2M# Z!NC+/KO3H
MQE3O) 
YN'C/





M

M\ZKY_(.
&6.NIK2O]NCPDH#JMD%S=UW#0C04%Q-L9#05#(<MYV<9@

P2E.F]#F1@SSRJJ
ML'_J_&8CD(Q 

M8[X+YT56R&1!WBRHS)L=BBJ8O!Q1$
 K8EO6
PFF#9_91=77ND9.'8IQJ@M@




@9/2DC^D[A5%03M_*TANNL%Y*C









M;/%$2LX-1E'1+\Y?;\TQ

W5Z9

H8
[UP2Z-<'1U



IC77F^9YB@R\K!9L-Q.OXG<_.3;'FM1W80
M5&HITE8C. '9CP/9(BRU<'C78IZV*V:08QUKEC:&S'K):D8\54RQ.HN4?T_

M2K#%_#(+WW%%C5U^CV$ :Q%OGWF/


9ISDG
M7S7S1?



#G=MCQ?FBXV0&&B+%E+&Z-G57VGN$\-5C1R*33RJ3WU*J0C#(0

(TW$EF^
MHBS/S0[3PU$:?OB




VX)$B4JI R'HNYKHW$F/G;U.AGTW_<+U^.JO:R\

MXH\Y/962537V9?/\4-4





M-LYC-A0R!8:\?7B*_E'8*5LQUJ/U)DI?YQ4K7VE\ 52BA  H
EXDC?R_@:[9
M\*FHY0[4SYJH_!HY'8KOO]'\&?V?ZJ^O-XKTLP-QZ$#*6E52U1#6!L4RKUZ;








VST

=KOD]1#J)D\ANK-BI*X
MW)I1O:99TQ SSXT-)5_TBI)@)O6E9&RFQD2.L'D2UU1T@NK&2$+143D/TNM

J*7'.MGN-_K)O]G[)$:OF+


MYIE:+0GP3I\8+V]BP7-[L&+3.Z[!7]JOMSOTG!GVD.HY,@^!%+0M4E %



M03Y


PX#BO-#]=@3=0(2K4I /.)


MH[?0




22F5@T&O9^?]1
XH9&U/&3U<T3H%\UU*U*.#QZ2_R'=!R#/-?%-7!*



MRC P;D:


/1S(1]
M;L6S

!O 7Q
M-.M@]PLV[9V& 

\A?R6;PN/HZB6$*2@P?YJ?

$\M&/!=)]F
8Y#[XE9I)PA'DQ;F+I;5D&&&4?\(L];+=:?\ ]


:]Q0TSUQ(

MA#YCG\\_P9F.(N1
_6N]V/6ICRX&WT16
X6VQOH?@8RRY+Z=Q-2)!LN^-C-*

II*H;87YLY6QE:_ZK$6 [J<63]






MT:)4-/Q[8(M$=


S'-BC5GU*3@U]OU]M.QVMV^WMLW0J0%U#=[PQ0E
MGR@KJ0U



M_+:$O)

J62ACY
J:0A 5
J6?U225
I65D#U^#:
MX/I

WJXV5S.'?; [/1@
[';+

MDL9-:([;N G-81LW89TL+5

K6[?[C9/UJ?&

M9\3^+W
BZR
-B/UK&C UAY)VM=^@7 GH.=:I&


GR&F

0QEGP3GJ


*O^[TNW:G
MWS)L[(P/N7]2267TDK?52T9='

M






YQ1N2A^T0E<A@4)]*;G&2/7-KR$(W7(HRL($SP?^AMH7P@
M]B8B*'MK 6BQA
)F!4Q%ZE]8CDQ?_'$B^DVPY^#3WBS$-8X-_P3 A+$3B^
M-R50\&?Z5A+2S[&LG


]-F)(K#C
J\
M[PTUH)NC5(UX7.X&\CV.)=''@-::X1J\0MSHM_'\#TP\(
D9^XO+S#QB.
MYP-&Y@ XP*(]T/39=
S7HNC\O(R\'(1'8E1ND'EF%4L1;2&^@RHV<2&<O8;['



MP#SRX);S&QRGBX5/.D\DKK_T5UE@?[ (OXO!3^OZT^=/7VXH9
H2O
*^]V^B


EZDU*U*@'N\Z



B&20:28B@)KBA%N




\96).[L%!TV3R1'/Q[N=HZ0 EHL4FZ^=BO:%
M.[+I(&%6,AQMN&SA[I6L6E9P_.Z$W^[ :G8B_*UV0; 5O_O)@=U$0),Y/X<,
M)!..# VQH:3 1M ^E$9Y*6B]]/X [YRG[0PGOP;L^19?<\S\^G&DWU@\YT/
M!!]@_ KS^C#%D@;1SU)A)OO% H!X
3Q=P[+/.+WD1)%BZBM65B1BBI\A8)




M+://(9$SMS3()QMZ-^77.5M[I9SD?.%V\0_FR)$I 8QVF=CV(D*8I/JTQB
M %.?::JT.P YDQZ*Q%'7@H #E1#$+QFP&0G+BT_BJ?3EV%ETHV1&T96)0
MQ

M)2
_K7&C^*PMXK( S#UL6D!Q6F'8T^MT+ 7KK]=OAT!FP)(S?



29



ME?IKO)\7BS3F8-0X@4'D5]/X
-@14SHJK6+#%SVC$KZ7A[-+G-$]/J1;K\7Y
M%67DU$\*/1
@J [


M%/WAL
VQX_I8C^Y3
3MV0H$1)@S5OC0@+ WK4[#%VGI;0@YP&S*F+:W HB@:






MT.AN!PZ@1GW&_Z&=9(\_RR/8.9 G@?8*O]5N7VRYX%1.6KK5*VM0-'$)-($7


M#O2.V3L6H0W:.T5NC26WVW'/U(U^(ZEM1Z6CB*SI1#;H=O71L--$&CN=)?'G


K&


MI'/E+OH;?O+#HMM0


M2D2NHC,^/'+%+7TV1KZ9&I5UW9)_-,;X3G?^



(Q]2YH

B?
M9.[E



8F/:A$^YT^9=T%U(1

M(WS??V33?\#


(OQ39?= Z1/FO5@.:Z5/4.Q#H@Y X7G ]BP?ATO

MX38(Z.I-6/




-XN1] DYB!7/]UI(7&%(M@E=

8?C=LP&!/!47H6KR$9WO+9)(&T')B8_#X*!YB2YPI@Q!
MD'PNB-A)X

MJ%E9#

9MHM(0M1\C09!0MH&0D8J<]&X;K43 ILG)4F0 $^TK

M#T=V6_L#Z1X7F-
4L-K0=X4^  ,XMU6OQH!UU(?UV(?_PJ50';8

5*);.<&S_AZT<T2B63J+PAW'W.6/W:Q<S
M6)-F/,%JLF95&J8C0\C0NZ.^/AYWUKDOZF$+'AP;+*_H[EF:3/+D<851N6[



;RULG
$8I
4Y%S0XGA&A:@:*P)*'IF(G.@
M=_H#W1B
U@E-*RP(330PL\T0Z#QEN= 4+2T:4G6F/-:K#4(5@=IU'44./4L0
MRAA?=A!*

M-

M

@L+@FWJ

+P

&0G#R$Z86I#[L#


M

_2<FJH
]QW*18







MRBX_+#

A!Z*Z






MXXG+FL;L6=AJX79#[S6N

RIJ69M2-4\;;6AN2E71B+(Q%94
?M/T



KG;2%CB*
JR.





MXZLX;-U;UO+UE\BWO\U]%\1\^/X_L1

Z[I*3




J T]:


MQJOBVXI



RIJ69M2
K<O7KE9\F;%^

U


)Z&=85DLZ^YAI9
/]F62QI0(BUFVEP6??\_V
M@_%$;9L4N2ER.[UEHPA-$9HB-$5H%T!HEZQ 3Q(F+:ZYUTP&6P'K3+FVR]FN
MIDDC *FT]52#A-$Z$$_6'4N1FB(U)=84K5T4K1UHRRL24R1V#9I36O'TJ^P[



MP2B &N;9#@N/!;5?.![X[SB
G-E353PS'@S'!T(V[-0%VIM0\V?)Y-@@!!N#
M4#


^

MJCFA%L:3?S



*;.%[@Q_=S&(F&_J/]I4V*!?_
MT5A;^X@Z1@A4U!/PS90]6&'$Q2J7QR$*Y'D
VP&*;




MPA9+/P#[( 'B_7=FQ[@W@'R

?W#%YPGU#W


M )J(G2E0 T



M&L6 0[09)VBB6D6@*D5C 3[0@8R4(

=)5 8QR-


M&V: )70RK&+CTOW*N;LH;+U$:'T Q@+I^'_


M84W8W[@2 '43@

.VUM7-T4@?
M&T







.=$
KJ[NT[$90/G'_'EF=I*
-WBZ-)ZZ1XJ[5[

M41S\/R13TA96+

PA'TTJ'3JIV



MB=.69)4LV?'(K(TNOL@NNTP^ETSAB!HGR\.@




M:




M7(@*U(RV#T
FSCZE'_[B6!
LNTX2A1(H+NU3*0MP.-X#:/%$Q3(ZSW3FFBA
M$3-B%:D#-7%(3DQ
\L)M ?+Y4H
M



]$^@DX/Y&;@)F\S+0\+^:5U@X:
M*XG\U*P9T+7V#ES*!67T^B0[AWJFMIK*!9U%#APY$)$G
:..5PDL=%=$MZ

K3SA]N7@


M.YMLUY2&%&I4A2
M*&JPC*$PU/FI8

MVM28A&[Y

TQ
M(B+-_

M
VI^4*AKFU&Y A%N?_ K1T0DZZ#Y?&:FE3N%K DS0AE]%QR




MO+!($R924



Z'M









MJ5/X5W0*__P1\J*EN/4'92N):&$ZB;IG-BT7V%1$
F'

O3/HZDF3


VV]FO2
M:9FJ[RSJ58
GJ

MP5QF4Z0B!6;1HD?F/NQ)EF!Q1_
PMW+LC#-E#SY9!/F2]*1_6N0L9#-6VA91

_ RIAJ9H_V9
X55D#\
M\\;@=/'
$H])BG6N$H X0E$ ?

MRD)JF(5T. SK#*1_:#A4*W3^8AR66IQ


75'?1& @/%S[G#


+M4X5K?PV-@931#I040^73A!9Q
M%D'@L1A[P I:FY^:!@1.J.
5B[W1!X8(:-)*#.
;B !
G[4
N:-Z/F^SV(


U=NAG.%-=7%
J
MNOQC#8$HBXYD_)H?.%


MDF@1CP&U &.O

M8'M+!+.O5@</$R1-$;;09:32@B5&W[





M)SKJ)8OW

7



WGRVGO!%5;5V7)68T6E8V=I=)DI'B-8$IH\%\S+J


Z

;H^
:

8.L-H#OP3\FC
%<=G_/

MN2JH23*-
%N074#7V;M5)?)*?!SFK6O9WUI?[+GOXLT/0(]I.UL@]!?F:*@;



M.G#W;$X.?BKI#-$OT_LB%R;Z\_


V?
MA2:C

M'';)W
%@B5

M2

MIUTU''* 5&5$[&LXY( XWH@XP'#(07\$5%1 &C$5&9LU^P&_*R;G_/GA/M
M079#;NJ


M_ F4=5FI\T/6VVKLU.+DWK)W8ZLHY&KK:^(H=CV-6'@\Y:?Z-'Z/TMT-
M1:9GI$


MG?(+.P.Q/890!&O'!

P2KR16C:^BCO9(K98&1H?'#[G)BQ\2+T=\W



M_2RCAL6-2B!K0MRH):*&ZFXD8H;G3=N9([T\7!P9-QHT*LA;M3KG2%N)^U

M7)1SQZ_A


M8]A!._)(IZYGUN#4&:



FV);.?H3=^QD[

+?/:8.^[?!_JK6OMIB-^4H;[W]9)I#?6ATMY9;
MJIB8@D:5UUS\CEXM-&0=@M'0UTO$8]T7*?5+@YW9$LM*;4

PD3&$YG&FX




M

MQ0

2E0'\7 ]B7('1H*#9:%#]YC]PXV)XXHC:RL0;0FK5&5/Y
M655


82AJ(5F8O%J8M&(P)




3@. P)C7



G
M6':5'A

M 'J]GV[


M)4#E2=]ELS

_KP \0^\/!WK'[!V+T ;MG2*WQI+;[;AGZD:_

(PQ
MN!T'&'J?@8M@N101USM-,W9'..#K/,S,F5CZ&E'DHS*08=4^]T^A6 U(A=
M4B1T:A)J*=)1I'-=TN?4T8

MI;:5VKY

W[\
D4M?;:&/M-P5-6U70[_

(8@?XS&4(ZJ9#^XDMT\
M3(
HKCLUUYFZ 1J_IS2^(B$5\E&DHZ3/)?CKJDY.

M*






M$N3F@1N
P6)6!\7[CP.5[/RKS6


M

M_!?^_/]02P




2=0HPDU 20F:DD1 #$:.1CL\;S:B#:+


TO&!F1-@-%]$


ME_#R%&9OAF4VO.8P6"_RQ_KRADG(TDNN8-*6&*4D'D@]/PW8T6U&
)&E#

MZPV@7

X@!Q.W&;!1 S^2
W7FY4


O80]E36_^NES'N7*4X ;'$5DD=F\$\.LCOC


X0A2WU@!ME]\(
(M'C^%A(64RC^V#(1




W?(31-6'L!M+I EQ7)+E

O<U02!DJP7;SZUFX:<NA
M]T*Y]ET
BHJ-=HMK2?6V#MZ;N5E!7#5^


A*[Z_2-[195J/01O0_;..0.KJ

M1U]J.?T.'O721^V]9]5W# ICT 2P^T7+\ OO(/2#R7Y OF!\.XK=#7I:;SXN







;B:!J,7@^/1X9H%6TG;+$U0SLA
KH=

M5?)SL&6PDQ0

M3B8^(J[YI\P8QXS%
+B
J7A+A0]\$L@ZSA6A8QQ!'A_S94XHD.[%-4)'82B.

Z^V!GWX^-8G($B!/;GDR13?C










M!W4=DJ
AMB[S52HSGYM08NYD(51N!

CG
MG?

QX%%.]$2O2Q8NSH


ISVU8DNWI(?._A.6*=!:'1

MS$JODNNAG0G%56=MPQ1URM-:715?B#?!RL'#I&Z01&&?5@3+Z6VK3J;@#G3.
M]DU#M?46^J(* 8



MR
VJ?--&Z:=E[3 =U7E8A*K*J1IVPS5547M4ZVJ3;/)N43Q7<[
+;0V

[K-88\Y',Y)+
MF/S+QE@O*




MZ/H8BG(H9C*;/&)(V0*M%$W


0)4#/<:ZUJN<_DD:Z*7CNZ79%
MZ#T$5
Q 9W
*);2HE0W#/7VF7S;G% 5S^)DW\XB/78=^41\;AH/Z0#^F
@6\




TP&=2YM$Y81*HJ*\9E#G



4]:ESQ2U994 \ 9:?6%SP!P1UI#V=P(ZEQB
143
M41-^*
EK C@A;;I^Z-*6 6Y(FRU[!GDUD!
2BW36++ &
M+O%V 3:F;



M@1   *'8   5    ;F=T9BTR
#(P
#8S

MNBSNL/?!=9Q'=YMM;Y'F403(-D&2[BWNRX*1Z(2H++FDE
?]]4?*LB.)KY%C

MC+)^3:0=(?XW6@X;B8]&DYW1[N3-$TNVEL:O+$CS%%_A:23^Y7-D]:T9N;LO

DI.L(

+S

MC$0;%_$8LYB2N0#T8OJQ93#SJBD6CS5BQG


M9

MX52$?SRL+9YO*
H8BD$;L8UN@.V%_XAOT)-]7^D


_G\WR1;1LDQE.\..)N1
MHC(*SU[Y1B?.)Q!0D$ Z0!![W#WTK^G?@!





ML$!;@QD



M QZ@G3ST6!06
I.8
4KC

M4;2D:OZ(LB1:L(A:/%QHH6[+;8F]PV5=]3+RGYL-I5%-']4
:HF7
J=YW)(S
D1 I+#0-OSEHO2P2'8[OW5N<50_$F.C?R72R9




IZJL5X=\ZK:;4M=I9&^HUJ]V27GJU8R

H
MGT8-5CXW'5:MLI.GN=#;N--T1WK=*UEQ
?W$X:Q6&J8/)
;LFD-K5D!'X]N[

MJZ-[1.]


8I#:1]YW@56I#! Z:)7&8+3JT;YSM=?!U%(Y
M.'Q.GH1)6'W(K^\F(H=X!
BF?!*GS'_H/':41DO&+7OK*XG?GU
$IXG7DIZ




M[Y+5*X$!F&-X4)8%S]NB7=?6 *(?[KLT]3HP;&8(LJ@@K6O%4^O&(@.
 0S9


M(';Y'N#4W\D-055%#00WX$)('RM]#QAW7NFRSIZ\(@6B&W!-!&R?[\/A=M[*





%^=HQ93,F\?G:F93#C6;*5@?P










+=4P73*MUD?PD

MYY/D15_(HI
'=[


3=_-


V79-!


MTV@:  !KE $ %0   &YG=&8M
C R
# V
S!?9&5F+GAM;.U=6U/D.I)^WXC]


K2J\765Q9)O+_/J5?*F2+RG)
M+EN26?J!ABIE.C]]LI224JE?__Z\F#N/B$0!#K]L3-YM;S@H]+ ?A+
O&]^O


MBG]QSMT%^NS\AD)$W!B37YP?[CQAG^!_?+TZHW]FC_OL[+_;=YW-305E/U#H
M8_+]ZG2I[#Z.'SYO;3T]/;T+\:/[A
G/Z)V'U=1=XX1X:*DKG

MV=Y^O[O][GE*C3YR8_H5^XQ^-4E_[-Y

M?YGXK_
@_/F9_;AS(^10*L+H\W



@




M$9H&7A#+0+75

G*15H=Y-/$*11X('1NC%]&L2!2&*I8*A?JO


4!=4=]J%M VHV8:5'[06CL+W+M@
M'L0*A$K$^G\A






D2

M\C);C0J&MWOYL$T?+]R@I=%U:0T6IT_:7*#%'2(MS2V+#F^K.Y^WLS 5&-ZN
M$


MT#_@



;_FD#R*P

MY;GS2S?P3\-#]R&(W;F

2XVUA72-O+3UL0
TELC0(B\9.-)&;M
ML#N+%?FQTM@$0[27J''P.D)W'0<N)FDO(6T ]+XJVV'$ZD0%+SE**FH 0HT
M+E_DYUXKN;1:O!QE!:
D!L(!\J-S(6
=@IHTC)(A$ A(D=DEC0/_?Y
H2\IT


&_\CB.]7F$^0&R=$$.O;UQ.L




'CK


M.25-&M HW:!1@E(;':D*A^EP'F@'GFI)W]-4CY


M!+1GQ%)D1&8RR$;/QZX.HD-







MOK[PWX@'K38Z[![)VM=&?T%$_?





WC+O9#9.SM]3PP?Z/:




=7UZ# PRV0'S%@JIK-@2GM^R1R&






HF0%^[7





MI5SRUM A0IW


M8^@



 ^HV]4NEV:/&V-5V;P9ZNY^$6MRK=

=FV@BEMR;
$7)S5^TJI@P/U1\P=PLO95.U.2


MB##PHJ^#E1HBD)VNZR;=V
FZU&[T9+*OBA\.$DA0U^61E@0584RKB
TN;Q*@

M4'AT-$ 8P#JW
7.(0M!Z^N

M_OL##M.
G*L$N

ME9[7*HMIWPT^\/Y


8?*:;XZK6KOI-G@
MCPH&.Q
S)@O3(7Y2



M%PIWS6:

M &#6Q'*F*&O%!&X+R

/8MC\&2RU


5)/#5#D/B#BI
H8U4Y?=

0H+XI8BN/I@1E+8R8<VOH='4AH8:2^L





M919%.D9
J126G?YA&00W-UFE$$Q3) A222BK&#&[
E3V;KBOS

?LQQWMRNDG_P=0
M2P

C P-C
P7VQA

M%(D9



M&:25H/]UW(H=TX^.W[T__O#NVR]5\E7[\-D3+(L
W^(E8MW\OG[9$)96Z7J3


F[4]8[=$#4]]Z%^Z*.LEG@14WOL*_P



@
62:66!


X[2&

J/01
MHO+ O*'\9=U^I#AJZ+&U4WT$I&_)SPCHXY?+\D_M!C
BB X9@-2MF3ZG00
M4T*-%OJ9ZP%AWUFIO0F*NN7^S+*JRBFDW3U\47\QF#*7!KP.SNZ=FPX8]IJ
M@V&I,^0Q91LQQ.3V9!;I!OYQOWU/MUK()^(;=4-&+:VJHGRAK\DB3^YPOW)
MBO6&/)S'J





M/H




GMSM




6[!:F0#
ZZ<I)SB!

BWK(5



4)(6X991=Y@K_\&W[1
M]DZ2\\L

 PKP
T21W1./AMO

MC&V*+

M*22%OK!

,AJ5/$\Y%AT833P&#4!LLHI



A3;G$BOP[Z+NOD/5/(#'O$

M67?28.
FVX!$VCG =5Q.:3 EKH#$%)P4^1

MOF+4 $


M=JVMT'!K?X^F9U^^V7J=LIHX=+^03.WT0CG.8P)0ZS
8-/QZ99/0ARZ95CRX

MV12XIY0
5Y%:&Y2G$ -#'3TV?3GJBE\.__KOWW[[]NT[NJ'&W?$C].[H[=NW


MRAT.S6.P4?3)
/N.B&2;U@+#.VNHBF.)5K!U(F%P3W:(K3WGT$L1NR4(K$T3
M+3[UIDFE6GW (
Y4F-7



TI$;D@NH%R=U
MR^C::6#DDOOO&E$X9+*Z+8I07)9W.HHVG$I16$ZX:Z H*#BM6 ;.0Z
9



$BU

#

M7_43O*[KD&_8=DZH,.([+$4'.[HH,EQV)W@TV'$HA]A[.
ED#'.7'U
C*'
M+Y)UFJ?4+:27#\P\LE7V&C3KU*%!(*V5)A@..L&5[OAQY2.TXNJ
G-&@ 1C\
HFFA#@_0)#$P;-%CDP_.N&1+%W2
'J+\5Y:_

)

M0%8-P!KHQ.2@\D@$9T&@@HK#H





U2G@B


MMB3
*F#
CAW.

M0X)=K NTQQ?D#]UOIM*, @[)*!*AG12\%@RAF9@A5%3-9(EX

MU)*J'KQ*[I?W7A\^


M;E@O6#*F\Z)L;UVJ3BRL5?T5&G3K3%]PT$XO^(0[ ZRR %-;+83NME6-O%]^
M\9=@'L$4NJ$9INW.%

]OP7N+!M7N2
MZV7;0'#B[H+:E%/I$
;RH/P5


M1(I1;NWC]NL

&[B5X4$2?.VJ&9
M9NB2E1$;JH+FG1ZO[4P9M?4/-UP]Q+)V-OW4ZJ'Y9^J4W?KV%3'0 '@N!6&M


M'6Z;MH/[4P?JD!2$;


&T6'?.CS[N:$N

M.V?/5UZ)TQQ5C^=9\3R55-RL$N0:K &\\D*L0AZ
T;0 J;\D2Z8QJH28%K@B
MK

QCL'JRK
M;C&E29KA@0]T7^R'_X?YJ6 K]CT_+.WJ?4^_ ^8M.V#GY
IQW4^AND!E^V-]

;9]DL*_MIE/?'(@O8/8,,PD#8,XU0RO_7'I

M*EG/)S-ZN*




M#)6-K6E6WP-WT(
Q[2IN?ELK@3NRM 2LG6WWE%W@@-0KR7IZSEZ:2C4X 36=

MT-2E[FZUCT!98T


MVM5C
#8$@

M=EBOF[RF];QZ#+;=&!:3G% PTQ;I')M2:Z'Z--]2-&591)^5@@
U&1-=A&
V]S9786ZCMAM_? JEL5ZW%;+XO[.$+1E

MAO-$G$H6OD1616E

MQ-HEM6\0/E^C
 ]8?!7](@#C_@;IMF0-SN[1Q=7)[=GB[HS\@=B6PN+JE/]Q


M%UQ-D4(6]!S(J@$ZEL=20%BAP::3! JB&HJ8
D5V1XB#7K(Q#RI-MVN:CQ



D#9
C\8Y8%AG9
M:_

G.-DG*UF26[Y%R59;F3

9+

ET
)4@CQG6ZK=2 2J$CA.Y&7
:XJDYQ%9?IIGE4'Z,JK:Z78H_NB4/U,=/?0)C3D,\7:'Y'Q;?%O14P
MK\9LZ+(/WC5 :=ZVX//C1]%2^:2MS.VJ#!C4/!:'F 2^* N@%8:#-\F(6KR





M[B3T842N5AP

M1J7A&PQF?2J*Y#G-

M[W+P-9BB%
MP$/XUE+?Y6F_UD+3\S57VZZ




)

M67&(U$6VMS
.^MZOJKMT2[K';J

AH&NB)57WQO]WZ%3EMD)B-FZQ1FMNW$3

-&D'RU-J&QVK%P?!M&J
FA2U1


E
M; O#H-Q95-(Z2K0



MJM-U5/=E[T=]'0OYI(T:H


MNVA[V1W[U(7W6ZO&IQ,\_.6=8W@/H64-
$##M$H^S
5#1*^HYM-%#

M3M/8E#=I6/4







DA01$&[:2B-#Q+OU+





MY]BIP?TY2]W@A)\)V


MAW%3:&C% !3.%59
M(+%5








_''A^/^I79PP\ ?)'VURO3Z[6DEX2Y^_68
MXI+T^O$%;7/B[K7GFR]LK_=VKU[9:-P8_H88O*P3M-L6U

MTV6-&^;2%



MI3IIN+0:0[2A%M5!3
G(KP.
2U76OP@QOHLOZ6 @%%__\AY*X+T)G.)B;UHU

M2O/K1)NTCK)35G!@7.;().@M@
D(M M34DH%9\ DM/'X-[(HYL+HZX2+?Q/4

D&]E0C=^\JQ6-GT&J AM2=B%


\?EP)V,5XZ^2=3'_T@6N%W
MML$ Y6@<1@*\



&P/G:#J\I






T%$


MQ9M?WR\N8=B#FQ)OHC01(@4T'5



M0H

M
5FB;'.=]=-*^^3;!&219!I1


QNR PX 6?.66YS8Y?33


<%0BG<X.3P+:6=NHM1
M.(60-VYI 78TDB1@


X\;9+G2ST\

C'HTM^ <*:KT$M\M*]ST/MT&L_0Y<L&2BJOK(]

M\;[9H7-6  &-S2H##L-OL;:?NTY97QV:0WHGH/1/,UO@XG=\*_T^9#B+G4
M=?H$
F


;UF/







M3SIS:A101C0.5=ZO=9H75;5=L]R&5?N[GXN
^- 9(25=W8WG2G=U?Z4 W3O5

VLV)UFM(2




IU:6;*\Y\([IQHWWO&C






9

BSTAH[@WXV

]WKY4T3?HOJZO$U7C\3ZXS).
M*\PR_G1?5LVWVK0W
]ORFNMQE^X.
D'.:0@



_KSSL#_ZRB=AQ0
\\/0K_&+P=]EK-VW=

M3D!7I-*)57-Z
XB*]U#W$?@S4$)R3?19C!RH B DHJ.6'!2T().2AGJ3JP\
M:NH@'S@LC!YFM+BNER
F5XE.


P#-I8('0FS('MD YRL[Q192%RT M.

MVKW[_G3=V9YIFPA.OHG.3=)0HP^;D&;03M2DR4?:PQDJ\-PT&)RC[G91WP9
MECI:2UT#KXVG\VVHCJ@V1O60L5U]AWG?%MOZL2C3OPY/HRW$X253MP$KYQKM

MN_&OS[)__9SCLGI
-YK^*B5]
LL 5:210@P






M4^0LA6E?DD/RXUP;@+

MQ1E;]$1E_7)/Z%5%O(2G1;@M:JW-85C9SIR6NH%MRPSP,JIB9DV8NI(U-]?
M%*&&:JT]O\6\6_;M
3%4K\=;A#V1J=)P!V!M)(P*#
%3^OIU 6*N$9OI4)M



M$D6WVVRCZ?7$P+XK@Y. :;7@5'/'*MU@(YIL

M=E'DJF


M8.:4/79F_+;PIJF[])BN'G')7YKFO2
N5/LNU=&75_8*43N :9)/ B/KY+1)
M6G=K$MHK



9N5-+7LLWS._JZ.JO
M:S-@R#P?NWRYJ[GQ1TD=
?WO83!:ZM=U.S_02.23JQ?ED5)K]WHRS@YM.W



 (@\M)[:SVP7%RW)SJEZ!#^7L




MOD%ZG?^HK;GNT@ 
]NHZ9L?=L?8K8*X&LNU^2]N
CZQ@!(.U^VFCX


]O8(I72!C$]




M6&0)+BOV=#1^BG

F1N*H;8$F 1;KUC6-!#IN



ZY@QJ;%@M*)W6?\0JNG1*C%VQU@T\Y
P&KYIK+UIRP

7
MJ6@RZ5


I#6\VP@YZQTNS. S+8851




M5!T-8_\Z

 /YA.-'


M SN)4RH^T2B@C&@$&87N\MVBJK9KEO2K:E%]+C+2U8R8#EI3XYTT+ ZZL
;)
M';B4'[R3HK&B





2X

BF&=WQBT@=^Y)XJ8]+;))MDL







M$V'&MDL@^7)?1GD5Q6Q=/G7MW5(/VMBZ@!Z/[:V0*O
%U8(^JGD#@=[.)YQO






MYR#

.H!2C-O4R2#  71065
M#?+@VW3%]T43#U'P(@QRJ)56$M8@3

MNW.
3?=#[:HH8C^%FO99.-ZV_34A8KSJ?B_0OB(O?(.3$\&F+:B%Y
'B'U]Z


)!5 ]+P<DO3\=EV

M=:=E9BLXHQU8#-BM$V8^\%_N*O\D^;ML6\UKE@H,H26KP Q=H_%Z-MF-_4



N<V44'






M0,<T'C[6 FB80;P/
*(X2];K9R[;@%N3QTV%UM92-


%6#:PN:HXTP8JM &
UPZ@'6U@UU1X&]BN35[Z

*I*MN

M9.R3\6; (HZWZRT+)A4C/90SF'


8XZCN54ZW%
7L!#9;8#D^=WUP.42





MG3VDZ?J'MV^?GIZ^COEC\




M*G@3Q@J2.?MJ0Z5ZT=$=??_]]V_SWVZ:MEH^WXEH\QT?WFZ&L^U9_C:TM*^
M) E_2/+A7?)YD.8SRODU$V
+]:\WFV9OU$=OCMZ_^7#T]7.R^&HC_%R@D?L
MFBTGZF\Y1[;?&H?W#^F2\\4#C]2,#N.YG*KMZK=6XE5MF)Q.HT79W$:IB\*




M@

M $ =9


MC4INJH(MW
:#KNT(!D('HV9_]LLUBY3Y)\W:].56!'$2S$$+L8MNA.5%_LAN
M@V?WNM)H./A0SH-0Y

&+O$O9;


@@XGW8J;#A.@E'M5EA8S13[
-^!2ZJ+L+Q3$2H

UR6;MESFKFO.?KT.:HO
M%8B





LCZ:/)FLJ&J_AC$BTG1Q:3:
M1\G$AHV(SVLCCU1


@V?09B7IL3[;CPLL7;=1XU_&;^$$;;Z;04
M?.4KRU)NW
%(5;QR/O'X3W:\GE?



@^F\6B+-XH=)R]*(WMP:B\($2

MJ&(QKG/Y66+'0M


MFG36::

M8+SG+N\0\5$L89:8=&T!I_@()B9![S-%W8U]=LS86*Q2E2]:V':@
%%!F*



!(_W
M#C$@ O03C^1\41AM%A/+:VF4$ (GNX-;

M0







M5QI8 &'HAL#PGK$N2Y%#^'+L2R9_N;@LN#:.

@REL2@






5/
H!G

#P6@25WX

WDBY_X-ZX/SW01 Q=BQT
M#R0]A$


MK%DL^8KD4CQ=K
(X?Y)(1;@[
8+28Q]Q?7'SDPL-+*\$7[(DR0.BSIEMQ6NW


MH%F8/!17



B1RTN

MRH1 9?A5FY@L544F\6\U@M6M/G$ *(GNP0L=%S4@F#QC0IZV


9^



MH=!93B.IX4D4)

P#7--3*MESO
J-FR\H+



PFR?U5$



;?
APMW!U(N!'\,)=3'+Y\3)@VH;5'Z3P-'XNW29U
=ND+J+I[

[#B&9[3^PH
1H;YZ@VRV@F2P^I'XQ)4SO27+

M.CS8/!D3#!K339VQU(NT90[Q-%Z4SMUJG.=


6)(WU!/G-EM$N*M$0'^NY



MS&BL#W++VV1*S'_+0L'@M[






071




AZ[$:L

Q'JU^[ZI=CG)9$

AS2O4;;'.[


C7BC@5

^586@?A8F-9
24&QH/$!.US=*0YUY3V6_:.^:&#%]?/TK6

/_#

#;;$ 8F3=[(1H.X(0*B1:&EE=0G1UAVJ*^:U]
7P612X,J<Y0ZA9]ZVF
M0=^U'@[ZDE./MG08YJD14 @W-+4MQ\V

G2*N#]U&#=@


M(0T$Z+H&V2E=3%#4D.H+ZZ=YCH5!45JQ&57*/P5KGOQULND ;\85C\2[E:79
M#CL8N?;&O;*VO-3&HPMD1=+CHXM4]I$(+96Z9I$JMG

U$Y.\E]R;D?=3

VC5RYF


M
:]Z_CT!81[O

 ?8!

MG@9&U^K*+F/R$
;OXU!)$PP6@!2*&@$_$9PI2OU:EL5R4[J)]LUNH4(AD!










MR+D1B)#O


M69S8

VL;HQ=+]H+0P3&-WRS-T



.[6)F\#T)



MZ(5#&C2PRP\%T37+CP';H5\%\U^#O#1Y^=B6&TKOCK!3M?R1[2@K&D!OQRM/
1YG:P#<2
MM#DS(-38?J@A--U'3K0N]PV6ES7E3O,,DLD HY!9=T&F&GMU;RX[HX4<%(=
MLE$%8I20?4Q.-$A=ZQ9!:?/:NXK2Q
'HH-1+U;:)EY;E+4^ $H#MR7*TKX

ML!S


MJ9$ U5CI!IV#^==RDW+X_QN5LY.]0KS9J9:=\[6:WB53B9Y+Y.R&Q(7*_:W
MX?56W-@G=(/8RTEV)21&X5K:::#


?#0Q C0;%WX^V7]_@O$HQD





04F@6P&C7




MPJ
X!WY4T8UA^J*








?S) W3]?4?*&MW/]7I.A4BB._SHB/)

MF;4V8^Z'
4;X

E]HW /E'12VE$7
YY)DP
M-!NBE8?:/RIZ&8T(R@U[9/$Y9$MIM42K5[1_6 Q2HN$=.XF))DM?PZ4$R^=



MNQNW6+LI]OG#.K-:#Y(9.
6






Z8P\3QVF#WOV&%TN
^-#?0


M/<62B8=P;<9$VQ@* 4'B)UQ&L9
YVCU_(^?6*+F4I&2:'$[#ODET)E Q0DS

3:C\DRE::F'3G3+DI*621'&06
M%124+WE55'-W+LGE59GFU/%+]3?V)N?/@X(-1^V:*1?5<?ERKW2M:4!CO^4






*3;V0
6MN
M?C@VCYT/2AM<%R.&I,T$CD'\S$




#I-WE-



M7G1A;]1[WE
FPL= Y7I4EQ/)8J5X1&BLU02F1HUPZBAPWH%/(U:(Z^8GEJI;
M[

MIA@TID+.-Z%:'P=).)_&B]
PRE1@=@6=$BQ3A(5/#\C+H@N%6L2%OV1HV*QR
M4$5DB1K:]%'.?'4'=\LK*E:^$)%S9IZ!WAUA^VN@\';ECQ+*/S.UOK+%5-K$
MP3V3L_6.B?+ECLHS*XW):P:[:W_8'A]/S/N)[?!OMYKB L\/)R&VS\AS(@ %



M!]&^/(A&+*2:XH-HIC

M




MHPO42D(#X J0#QU8=R



M@ 'P(@$ ;F=T9BTR
#(P
#8S

4     #!@DU1S_5)QH$0
M  AV   %0              @ $]-P$ ;F=T9BTR
#(P
#8S


M &YG=&8M
C R
# V
S!?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
&35$7=;YF)U8
M '*I!  5                8QB 0!N9W1F+3(P
C P-C
P7VQA8BYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #!@DU1WQKC&9PW   *H0
 %0              @ 'FN $
K;F=T9BTR
#(P
#8S

end



