

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-18-013202
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180928
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		181094511
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-888-6444
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591









     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

&#9746;
ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
June 30
 2018



&nbsp;&#9744;
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from _________ to __________

Commission
File Number&nbsp;

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

Incorporation
    or Organization)
    
Identification
    No.)

    
    
    

520
                                         White Plains Road-Suite 500
Tarrytown
        New York
    
    

(Address
    of Principal Executive Offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
&#9744;
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
Smaller
    reporting company
    

    
    
Emerging
    growth company
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of June 30
 2018: $8
857
781.


 2018
 the issuer had 43
848
746
shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 par value $0.001 per share.






    
    




TABLE
    OF CONTENTS

    

    
    
    

    

    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
    
    

Item
    1B.
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    

    
    
    

PART
    II

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

PART
    III

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

    

    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    





    
    


PART
I

Forward-Looking
Information

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions
 technological developments related to
business support services and outsourced business processes
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible
to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control.

Although
we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate
and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate.
In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the
current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person
that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings
&ldquo;Business
&ldquo;and &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;

ITEM
1. BUSINESS

Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Nightfood&rdquo;) is a Nevada corporation
organized on October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation (&ldquo;Nightfood&rdquo;)
from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson. All of our operations are conducted by the Subsidiary. We are in the business of manufacturing
marketing and distributing snacks specially formulated and promoted for evening consumption. A large number of Americans consume
nighttime snacks that are high in sugar
 fat
 sodium
 and calories; such snacks can impair sleep and also impair health in general.
Management believes that our products are unique in the food industry and that there is a substantial market for our products
through online commerce as well as traditional retail distribution. Our corporate address is 520 White Plains Road &ndash; Suite
500
 Tarrytown
 New York 10591 and our telephone number is 888-888-6444. We maintain a web site at www.Nightfood.com. Any information
that may appear on our web site should not be deemed to be a part of this report.

On
January 3
 2018
 the Registrant formed a new wholly-owned subsidiary to capitalize on opportunities in the marijuana and cbd edibles
space. MJ Munchies
 Inc. (&ldquo;Munchies&rdquo;) was formed as a Nevada corporation with a capital structure of 10
000 shares
of common stock. Since formation
 Munchies has built an intellectual property portfolio that includes a registered trademark for
Half-Baked in the State of California relating to marijuana edibles
 a pending federal trademark application with the USPTO for
Half-Baked relating to packaged snacks
 the federal trademark for The Half Baked Cookie Co.
 HalfBaked.com
 and several other
related domain names. In addition
 Munchies is currently preparing a patent application with the USPTO for a proprietary ingredient
to be used in Half-Baked snacks that Management believes will give it a unique and defensible competitive advantage against other
recreational edible brands.

Industry
Overview

We
are an early-stage company that is seeking to establish a market within the snack industry by offering a line of snack foods that
are specifically formulated for evening consumption. It is estimated that American consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on
snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime
snack choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo;
options
 such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips
 pretzels
 and popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.



    
    


Our
Products
 Present and Proposed

Nightfood
Holdings runs two distinct operating companies
 each serving a different market segment with different products.

MJ
Munchies
 Inc.

MJ
Munchies
 Inc. is a Nevada corporation formed in January of 2018 to exploit legally compliant opportunities in the CBD and marijuana
edibles and related spaces. The Company intends to market some of these new products under the brand name &ldquo;Half-Baked&rdquo;.
This subsidiary was created during the three months ended March 31
 2018 and its operations have a nominal impact on the financial
statements contained herein.

Since
inception
 MJ Munchies has applied for U.S. Trademark protection for its brand of Half-Baked snacks
 currently under development.
MJ Munchies also acquired HalfBaked.com. In April
 2018
 MJ Munchies entered into an initial brand licensing agreement for the
Half-Baked mark with a licensed manufacturer of THC-infused edibles in the State of California under which
 the licensee manufactured
and distributed a small pilot run of Half-Baked branded THC-infused cookies in California. Management views this as the first
major step towards creating a nationally licensed brand of edibles in the marijuana space.

Munchies
is currently preparing a patent application with the USPTO for a proprietary ingredient to be used in Half-Baked snacks that Management
believes will give it a unique and defensible competitive advantage against other recreational edible brands. The Company believes
tremendous opportunities currently exist to launch successful and legally compliant products in this space
 and that such opportunities
will continue to grow over time. No assurance can be given that the patent will be granted
 that it will afford meaningful protection
to us if granted
 or that we will begin actual production of products using the Half-Baked trademark. Even if production begins
we can neither assure market acceptance of our products nor that THC infused edibles will not face ongoing legal challenges.

Nightfood
Inc.

Nightfood
Inc. is a snack company focused on manufacturing and distribution of nutritional/snack foods that are appropriate for evening
snacking. Nightfood&rsquo;s first product is the Nightfood nutrition bar
 currently available in two flavors (Cookies n&rsquo;
Dreams
 and Midnight Chocolate Crunch). Nightfood ice cream is currently in development and expected to be ready for retail sale
and distribution in late 2018.

Management
believes consumer demand exists for better nighttime snacking options
 and that a new consumer category consisting of nighttime
specific snacks will emerge in the coming years. This belief is supported by research from major consumer goods research firms
such as IRI Worldwide
 and Mintel
 who identified nighttime specific foods and beverages as one of the &ldquo;most compelling
and category changing trends&rdquo; for 2017 and beyond.

It
is estimated that over $50 billion is spent annually in the United States on snacks that are consumed between dinner and bed.
Company management believes that a significant percentage of that consumer spend will move from conventional snacks to nighttime
specific snacks in coming years.

A
Nightfood Scientific Advisory Board was recently established. The first member of this advisory board was Dr. Michael Grandner
Director of the Sleep and Health Research Program at the University of Arizona. Dr. Grandner has been conducting research on the
link between nutrition and sleep for over ten years
 and he believes improved nighttime nutritional choices can improve sleep
resulting in many short and long-term health benefits. In March of 2018
 the Company added Dr. Michael Breus to their Scientific
Advisory Board. Breus
 known to millions as The Sleep Doctor&trade;
 is believed to be the Nation&rsquo;s most trusted authority
on sleep. He regularly appears in the national media to educate and inform consumers so they can sleep better and lead happier
healthier
 more productive lives. In July
 2018
 we completed our Scientific Advisory Board with the addition of Lauren Broch
Ph.D
 M.S. Dr. Broch is a sleep therapist and former Director of Eductation &amp; Training at the Sleep-Wake Disorders Center
at Weill Cornell Medical College. Uniquely
 Dr. Broch also has a master&rsquo;s degree in human nutrition. This unique combination
allowed her to play an important role in the reformulation of our nutrition bars
 and the development of Nightfood ice cream.
These experts work with Company management to ensure Nightfood products deliver on their nighttime-appropriate
 and sleep-friendly
promises.



    
    





We
have utilized contract manufacturers for producing our products
 packaging for our products
 and 3rd party logistics for warehousing
and order fulfillment. For warehousing and logistics
 we are currently using Landis Logistics
 and manufacturing for our nutrition
bars has recently been moved from Noble Foods
 located in Canada to Creative Energy Foods located in the United States. This move
allows us to now produce bars that are certified gluten free.

Marketing
and Distribution

Nightfood
nutrition bars are currently available at Nightfood.com and Amazon. To date
 sales have been promising signaling to management
a clear demand from consumers for better nighttime snack options. Research does not show that nutrition bars are one of the top
nighttime snack formats. Management believes that by entering the ice cream category
 with a line of nighttime ice cream through
traditional channels such as supermarkets
 drug stores
 and convenience stores
 revenues and brand awareness can grow substantially.



The
nutritional/snack food business is highly competitive and includes such participants as large companies like Mondelez
 Nestle
S.A. and Quaker Oats and more specialized companies such as Cliff Bar
 Quest Nutrition and many smaller companies. Many of these
competitors have well established names and products. Management is not aware of any competitor offering snacks targeting the
nighttime snack occasion
 or formulated to satisfy unhealthy nighttime cravings in a sleep-friendly way. We will initially compete
based upon the unique nature of our product. However
 other companies
 including those with greater name recognition than us and
greater resources may seek to introduce products that directly compete with our products. Management believes that if a competitor
sought to develop a competing product
 it could do so and begin to establish retail distribution in 12-24 months.

Intellectual
Property Rights

We
own the registered trademark &ldquo;Nightfood&reg;&rdquo; for the nutrition bar/snack/meal replacement category
 and have applied
for registration for the same mark for ice cream. While this process will take several months
 management believes the mark will
be granted in due time with no concerns or issues. We believe these marks will prove important to our business. Additionally we
own the domain Nightfood.com as well as many other relevant domains such as late-night-snack.com
 nighttimesnack.com
 and nighttimesnacking.com
as well as Nightfood.us
 Nightfood.net
 TryNightfood.com
 GetNightfood.com
 NiteFood.com
 TryNightfood.com
 BuyNightfood.com
NightSnacking.com
 and Night-Food.com. We also own the toll-free number 888-888-NIGHT. We rely on proprietary information as to
our formulas and have non-disclosure agreements with our suppliers.&nbsp;




    
    




Nightfood
currently has no employees except Sean Folkson
 our President and CEO. Through vendor and consultant relationships
 there are
dozens of people that contribute to our operations and efforts on a regular basis. Should we be successful in executing our business
plan
 we anticipate hiring additional employees in the future to assist with various company functions. However
 we also expect
to continue to rely on consultants and outsourced services to accomplish work that might otherwise be done by employees in a more
traditional company.



In
FY 2018
 no one customer
 more than 10% of our revenue.

DEVELOPMENT
PLANS

Nightfood
is working with its new manufacturer in California to launch gluten-free versions of Nightfood nutrition bars during 2018.
The new manufacturer will allow the Company to not only produce certified Gluten-Free products
 but also introduce additional
flavors with lower production minimums and lower per-unit cost of goods. The ability to offer additional flavors
 and
gluten-free products should enhance revenue and repeat purchase behavior. After the anticipated successful mass retail
rollout of Nightfood ice cream
 the Company intends to begin revisiting a retail rollout for Nightfood bars.

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

You
should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our business
 operations and financial condition. The occurrence
of any the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have had limited operations and require substantial additional funds to execute our business plan. 
and have not yet established significant traction in the marketplace. We generated revenue of $196
742 in the year ended June
30
 2018
 and $21
644 in the year ended June 30
 2017. Unless we are able to continue to leverage our status as a public company
into effective fundraising to fund our capital requirements
 we will not be able to execute on our business plan and purchasers
of our stock will be likely to lose their investment




    
    


Our
independent auditors have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
statements for the years ended June 30
 2018 and June 30
 2017 from our independent registered public accounting firm that includes
an explanatory paragraph and a footnote stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
due to its losses and negative net worth. Inclusion of a &ldquo;going concern qualification&rdquo; in the report of our independent
accountants may have a negative impact on our ability to obtain financing and may adversely impact our stock price in any market
that may develop.

We
remain uncertain of our proposed products&rsquo; market acceptance. 
for evening consumption is a viable niche market with a potential for attractive returns for investors
 this belief is largely
based on preliminary sales and marketing data through platforms such as Amazon and Facebook. We have not conducted any formal
marketing studies. Our limited resources preclude us from doing so. If management is wrong in its belief and there is an insufficient
market for our products
 it is likely we will fail and investors will lose their investment.

Our
ability to hire additional personnel is important to the continued growth of our business. 
our ability to attract and retain a group of motivated marketing and business support professionals. Our growth may be limited
if we cannot recruit and retain a sufficient number of people. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to hire and retain a sufficient
number of qualified personnel.

We
may face substantial competition. 
both large conglomerates with substantial resources and smaller companies
 including new companies that might be formed with resources
similar to our own. Competitors may seek to duplicate the perceived benefits of our products in ways that do not infringe on any
proprietary rights that we can protect. As a result we could find that our entire marketing plan and business model is undercut
or made irrelevant by actions of other companies under which we have no control. We cannot promise that we can accomplish our
marketing goals and as a result may experience negative impact upon our operating results.

Our success depends to a large extent upon
Specifically
we are highly dependent on the ability and experience of our key employee
 Sean Folkson
 our president and CEO. We have a consulting
agreement with Mr. Folkson. The loss of Mr. Folkson would present a significant setback for us and could impede the implementation
of our business plan. There is no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring and retaining qualified personnel to execute
our current plan of operations.

The
ability of our officer to control our business will limit minority shareholders&rsquo; ability to influence corporate affairs
As of the date of this report
 our president
 Sean Folkson
 owned 16
433
568 shares (directly and through trusts
 including 2.6
million shares owned by a trust controlled by Mr. Folkson&rsquo;s wife. Mr. Folkson disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares).
&nbsp; In addition to his ownership of the common stock
 Mr. Folkson owns 1
000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (&ldquo;A
Stock&rdquo;) which votes with the common stock and has an aggregate of 100
000
000 votes. Accordingly
 Mr. Folkson controls over
90% of the voting power in the Company. Because of his stock ownership
 Mr. Folkson will be in a position to continue to elect
our board of directors
 decide all matters requiring stockholder approval and determine our policies. The interests of our president
may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares
 business transactions with or sales
to other companies
 selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders would have no
way of overriding decisions made by our president. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of
our shares because he may institute or undertake transactions
 policies or programs that result in losses
 may not take any steps
to increase our visibility in the financial community and/ or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease
our price per share.




    
    


If we do not receive additional financing

Over the next&nbsp; 6-12 months
 we believe we will require
approximately $1
000
000 - $2
000
000 in debt or equity financing to affect a planned expansion of our operations and roll out
of our existing and any future products. Management believes that it will be able to raise the required funds
 however this may
not prove to be the case. As of the June 30
 2018
 we had $1
576
024 in outstanding convertible promissory notes. We also
have an Equity Credit Line in the amount of $5
000
000
 which we could access under certain circumstances. However the utilization

AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION &ndash; Liquidity

We
may be exposed to potential risks resulting from new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 we are required to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. We have not yet completed our assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We would incur additional expenses and diversion of management&rsquo;s
time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation
 testing and remediation required in order to comply with the
management certification and auditor attestation requirements.

We do not have a sufficient number of employees
and consultants to segregate responsibilities and are presently unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants
or professionals to overcome our lack of employees
 and this may impair our ability to effectively comply with Section 404 of
We currently do not have
any employees and rely on our CEO
 Sean Folkson to perform all executive functions. Accordingly
 we cannot segregate duties to
provide sufficient review of our financial activity. During the course of our testing of our financial procedures
 we may identify
other deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance
with the requirements of Section 404. In addition
 if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls
 as
such standards are modified
 supplemented or amended from time to time
 we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an
ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Moreover
 effective internal controls
 particularly those related to revenue recognition
 are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports
or prevent fraud
 our business and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial
information
 and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. Our officers&rsquo; lack of experience in accounting
and financial matters may make our efforts to comply more difficult and cause us to hire consultants to assist him cutting into
our resources.

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company. 
 we qualify
as an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as a company is deemed to be an emerging growth
company
 it may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other regulatory requirements that are generally unavailable
to other public companies. These provisions include:



    
    
a
    requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management&rsquo;s Discussion
    and Analysis included in an initial public offering registration statement;




    
    
an
    exemption to provide less than five years of selected financial data in an initial public offering registration statement;




    
    
an
    exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company&rsquo;s internal controls
    over financial reporting;




    
    
an
    exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies;




    
    
an
    exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory
    audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor&rsquo;s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional
    information about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer; and




    
    
reduced
    disclosure about the emerging growth company&rsquo;s executive compensation arrangements.





    
    


An
emerging growth company is also exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley which requires that the registered accounting firm
shall
 in the same report
 attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures
for financial reporting. Similarly
 as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting until such time as we cease being a Smaller Reporting Company.

As
an emerging growth company
 we are exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the
shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes.

Section
107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an emerging growth
company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.

We
would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of:



    
    
In
    our fiscal year ended June 30
 2020





    
    
the
    first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are $1 billion or more





    
    
the
    date on which we have
 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities
    or




    
    
as
    of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as
    of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year.


Risks
Related to Our Common Stock

Commencing
August 21
 2015 we began trading under the Symbol NGTF on the OTC Markets. There had been very little trading activity of our
stock for some time. In April of 2017
 the Company listing moved to the OTCQB
 and in August of 2017 an investor awareness campaign
was initiated to communicate news of recent company developments and milestones to a broader range of stock market investors.
On October 23
 2017
 we were advised that our stock had been moved from the OTCQB to the OTCPink marketplace. The Company does
not believe the change in OTC Market tiers has had any material positive or negative impact on Company operations or the stock
price. If
 the Company determines that there is incremental value in being listed on the OTCQB again in the future
 it is possible
that an application will be filed
 the application fee would be paid
 and another tier change could occur. Trading volume has
increased significantly in the last eighteen months
 but there can be no assurances that it will be maintained. Our stock is likely
to continue to be subject to significant price fluctuations.

In
addition
 our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts
 and there may be few institutions acting as market
makers for the common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock.
Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock
 if ever
 the price at which it
trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced
by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors
 investor perception
 and general economic and
market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common
stock. Because of the anticipated low price of the securities
 many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions
in these securities. Any purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will likely be
subject to the penny stock restrictions.&rdquo;

Our board of directors is authorized to
issue shares of preferred stock
 which may have rights and preferences detrimental to the rights of the holders of our common
We are authorized to issue up to 1
000
000
shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par value. On July 11
 2018
 we filed a Certificated of Designation for a class of preferred
stock designated Class A Super Voting Preferred Stock (&ldquo;A Stock&rdquo;). There are 10
000 shares of A Stock designated.
Each share of such stock shall vote with the common stock and have 100
000 votes. A Stock has no conversion
 dividend or liquidation
rights. Accordingly
 the holders of A Stock will
 by reason of their voting power be able to control the affairs of the Registrant.
The foregoing is only a summary of the certificate of designation for the A Stock
 which has been filed as an exhibit to our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed July 17
 2018. We have issued 1
000 shares of A Stock to Sean Folkson
 giving him 100
000
000 votes in
all matters requiring a vote of holders of our Common Stock and effective voting control over our affairs. As of the date of this
report
 we have not issued any other shares of preferred stock and have no plans to do so. Our preferred stock may bear such rights
and preferences
 including dividend and liquidation preferences
 as the Board of Directors may fix and determine from time to
time. Any such preferences may operate to the detriment of the rights of the holders of the common stock being offered hereby.




    
    


Our
articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that
may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the
benefit of officers and/or directors. 
of our directors
 officers
 employees
 and agents
 under certain circumstances
 against attorney&rsquo;s fees and other expenses
incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf.
This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us
 which we will be unable to recoup.


 in the opinion
of the SEC
 indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act of 1933 and is
 therefore
 unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against these types of
liabilities
 other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director
 officer or controlling person in the successful
defense of any action
 suit or proceeding
 is asserted by a director
 officer or controlling person in connection with the securities
being registered
 we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel
 the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit
to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
 the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were
to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity
 either of these factors would likely materially
reduce the market and price for our shares
 if such a market ever develops.

Any
market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions that are likely to create a
lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible. 
NASDAQ system
 if ever
 the trading of our securities
 if any
 will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred
to as the OTCBB as maintained by OTCMarkets.com. As a result
 an investor may find it difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the price of our securities.

SEC
Rule 15g-9 (as most recently amended and effective on September 12
 2005) establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo;
for purposes relevant to us
 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to a limited number of exceptions. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be
penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects the market liquidity for
our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer
approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written
agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In
order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must obtain financial information
and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks
are suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 sets forth:



    
    
the
    basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination
 and




    
    
that
    the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.


Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and
remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

Because
of these regulations
 broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or
may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders
or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if
and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may decrease
 with a corresponding
decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable
future and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
 find it difficult to sell their securities. Recently
 several brokerage firms
and clearing firms have adopted special &ldquo;house rules&rdquo; which make it more difficult for their customers to hold or
trade low priced stock and these rules may make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their stock.



    
    



We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 
no plans for paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain earnings
 if any
 to provide
funds for the implementation of our business plan. We do not intend to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Therefore
 there can be no assurance that holders of our common stock will receive any additional cash
 stock or other dividends
on their shares of our common stock until we have funds which the Board of Directors determines can be allocated to dividends.

If
a market develops for our shares
 sales of our shares relying upon rule 144 may depress prices in that market by a material amount
24
486
887 of the outstanding shares of our common stock are &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; within the meaning of Rule 144
under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. As restricted shares
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration
statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required
under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for a prescribed
period may
 under certain conditions
 sell their shares as a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on or about
February 15
 2008
 there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e.
 a stockholder
who has not been an officer
 director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have
been held by the owner for a period of six months. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act
 if available
or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders
 may have a depressive effect upon the price of
the common stock in any market that may develop.

Any
trading market that may develop may be restricted by virtue of state securities &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws to the extent they
prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell
shares in those states. Although trading activity in our stock has increased recently
 generally t
market for our common stock
 and there can be no assurance that an active and regular public market will develop in the foreseeable
future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by
various states and foreign jurisdictions
 commonly referred to as &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws. Absent compliance with such individual
state laws
 our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because our securities have not been registered for resale
under the &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any
trading market that might develop in the future
 should be aware that there may be significant state &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; law
restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions
prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Accordingly
 investors should consider the secondary market for our securities
to be a limited one.&nbsp;

Recent issuances of convertible
Commencing
in March 2017
 we have entered into $2
712
698 principal amount of promissory notes with various lenders since our inception
of which $1
576
024 was outstanding as of June 30
 2018. These notes are convertible six to twelve months after issuance into free trading
shares of our common stock
 with certain limitations
 at conversion prices below the then market price of our common stock.
Although these notes have been converted on a continual basis for several months without adverse effect
 it is possible that
future conversions of these notes can have a negative effect on the market for our common stock and may cause dilution to our
common stockholders.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

Description
of Property

We
currently store our inventory in a fulfillment center at a cost of approximately $200 per month which is part of our shipping
and packing relationship. We believe that our properties are adequate for our current needs and that alternative similar or additional
space could be found in the vicinity of our present property at similar cost should the need arise.&nbsp;

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There
are no current
 past
 pending or threatened legal proceedings or administrative actions either by or against the issuer that could
have a material effect on the issuer&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 or operations.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET
INFORMATION

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCPink Market under the symbol NGTF.

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as
reported by the OTCMarkets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions.


price was $.315 on September 26
 2018.




 2018
    
    


 2017
    
    

    
 2017
    
    

    
 2018
    
    

    
 2018
    
    

    
    
    


 2017:
    
    

    
 2016
    
    

    
 2016
    
    

    
 2017
    
    

    
 2017
    
    




The
approximate number of stockholders of record at June 30
 2018 is 117. The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial
owners of our common stock
 whose shares are held in the names of various dealers
 clearing agencies
 banks
 brokers and other
fiduciaries.

DIVIDEND
POLICY

No
dividends have ever been declared by the Board of Directors on our common stock. Our losses do not currently indicate the ability
to pay any cash dividends
 and we do not have the intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.



    
    


RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES



 2018
 200
000 shares were issued to investors for $60
000 in cash
(at between $.11 and $.15 per share). No underwriter participated in the foregoing transactions
 and no underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid
 nor was any general solicitation or general advertising conducted. The securities bear a restrictive
legend and stop transfer instructions are noted on our stock transfer records. These shares were issued in offerings under Regulation
D promulgated under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The company also compensated vendors and consultants
with 2
648
455 shares in lieu of payment of $551
695
 along with the issuance of 270
382 shares in lieu of interest payments of
$20
487. These issuances were exempt from registration under section 4(1) of the Securities Act as sales by an issuer not involving
a public offering. During the twelve months ended June 30
 2018
 we issued 9
490
975 shares of common stock as consideration for
the conversion of debt with a fair value of $574
618 to two investment entities. These issuances were exempt from registration
under Section 4 (1) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering.

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS.

As
of June 30
 2018
 we had no compensation plans under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance.

PENNY
STOCK REGULATION

Shares
of our common stock have been and will likely continue to be subject to rules adopted the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in &ldquo;penny stocks.&rdquo; Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less
than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system
 provided
that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is provided by the exchange or system).
The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC
 which contains the following:



    
    
a
    description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    description of the broker&rsquo;s or dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the
    customer with respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities&rsquo; laws;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    brief
 clear
 narrative description of a dealer market
 including &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; prices for penny
    stocks and the significance of the spread between the &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; price;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;

    
    
    

    
    
definitions
    of significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of&nbsp;&nbsp;trading in penny stocks; and

    
    
    

    
    
such
    other information and is in such form (including language
 type
 size and format)
 as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.


Prior
to effecting any transaction in penny stock
 the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following:



    
    
the
    bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply
 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity
    of the market for such stock; and

    
    
    

    
    
monthly
    account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account.


In
addition
 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
 the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser&rsquo;s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have
the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules.
Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common stock will probably be subject
to the penny stock rules.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.




    
    


ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon
 and should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.



We
caution you that reliance on any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties
 and that although we believe the
assumptions on which our forward-looking statements are based are reasonable
 any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate
and as a result
 the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions could be incorrect. In light of these and other uncertainties
you should not conclude that we will necessarily achieve any plans and objectives or projected financial results referred to in
any of the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements
to reflect future events or circumstances. Some of the factors that may cause actual results
 developments and business decisions
to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include the following:

We
are a snack development
 marketing and distribution company relying on our unique products
 positioning
 and team to develop and
market nutritional/snack foods that are appropriate for evening snacking. Our first product is the Nightfood nutrition bar
 currently
available in two flavors (Cookies n&rsquo; Dreams
 and Midnight Chocolate Crunch).

Nightfood
ice cream is currently in development
 and expected to be ready for sale during Q4 of calendar 2018.

We
believe that over the next several years
 a subset of consumers will begin to shift their night snacking behavior towards snacks
that are formulated to be more &ldquo;sleep friendly&rdquo; compared to what is currently being consumed by much of the population.
As research continues to explore the links between nutrition and sleep
 and consumers continue to seek healthier snacks in general
we expect a category to emerge within the marketplace that we call &ldquo;nighttime nutrition&rdquo;.

American
consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. A majority of adults
are trying to eat foods and snacks that they understand will prevent or manage health problems and 37% of consumers are willing
to pay more for foods with perceived health benefits. Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime snack
choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo; options
such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips
 pretzels
 and popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.

The
Company plans to continue direct to consumer sales of nutrition bars
 both through its proprietary commerce site
 and through
the Amazon commerce platform. The Company believes these efforts can be scaled and can achieve profitability at scale.


 will also be available
for sale online
 as many other popular ice creams are. But
 the bigger opportunity for the ice cream line is to penetrate the
retail market through retail outlets in the supermarket
 drug
 and convenience verticals.

DEVELOPMENT
PLANS

Management
believes sufficient proof-of-concept and market demand has been established with Nightfood bars that it is ready to launch Nightfood
ice cream. Ice cream
 in supermarkets
 brings much less friction to the transaction than nutrition bar sales online. Nutrition
bars are not a popular night snack format
 and while online snack sales are growing
 it&rsquo;s still a tiny fraction of overall
snack revenue.

Management
is very excited about the ice cream recipes we have developed
 along with our nutrition
 sleep and culinary experts on our Advisory
Board. With the &ldquo;better-for-you&rdquo; ice cream market still in the early developmental stages
 we believe this is an excellent
time to launch the Nightfood line of nighttime ice cream into mass retail.



    
    




Inflation
can be expected to have an impact on our operating costs. A prolonged period of inflation could cause a general economic downturn
and negatively impact our results. However
 the effect of inflation has been minimal over the past three years.



We
do not believe that our business will be seasonal to any material degree.

Critical
Accounting Policies&nbsp;

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses.
On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to uncollectible receivables
 inventory valuation
 deferred
compensation and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical performance and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates allow us to make judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources.

We
believe the following accounting policies are our critical accounting policies because they are important to the portrayal of
our financial condition and results of operations and they require critical management judgments and estimates about matters that
may be uncertain. If actual results or events differ materially from those contemplated by us in making these estimates
 our reported
financial condition and results of operations for future periods could be materially affected.

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

Fiscal
Year ended June 30
 2018 Compared to Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2017



For
the twelve months ended June 30
 2018
 we had revenues of $196
742 compared to the twelve months ended June 30
 2017 when we had
revenues of $21
644. The company also provided certain sales allowances of $6
642 for the year ended June 30
 2018
 compared to
$9
462 for the year ended June 30
 2017.

Operating
Expenses


ended June 30
 2018 were $2
034
790 compared to $733
458 for the twelve months ended June 30
 2017.

Net
Loss


 2018
we had a net loss of $5
239
493 compared to the twelve months ended June 30
 2017 when we had a net loss of $915
417.



As
of June 30
 2018
 we had approximately $103
209 worth of product in inventory
 compared to $95
865 worth of product in inventory
as of June 30
 2017.




 no individual customer made up more than 10% of our revenues.



    
    


LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


 2018
 we had cash on hand of
$48
440
 accounts receivable of $0
 and inventory value of $103
209. During the twelve month period ended June 30
 2018
 we raised
$60
000 through the private sale of our common stock.


 we have sustained operating losses. During the twelve months ended June 30
 2018
we incurred a net loss of $5
239
494 and had a total stockholders&rsquo; deficit of $2
658
954.


and we do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing working capital needs. The Company is continuing
to raise capital through private placement of our common stock
 debt
 and the use of $ 2
316
093 convertible debt to finance the
Company&rsquo;s operations
 of which it can give no assurance of success. However
 we believe that our current capitalization
structure
 combined with the continued expansion of operations
 will enable us to achieve successful financings to continue our
growth.

Even
if the Company is successful in raising additional funds
 the Company cannot give any assurance that it will
 in the future
 be
able to achieve a level of profitability from the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



2018
 net cash used in operating activities totaled $1
757
639.

During
the twelve months ended June 30
 2018 and 2017 respectively
 there was not any net cash provided from investing activities.


2018
 net cash aggregating $1
791
753 was provided by financing activities
 which represents net proceeds of $60
000 from private
sales of our common stock including issuance of warrants
 $2
316
093 from the issuance of convertible debt ($581
250 of which was
used to repay older debt)
 $10
800 in advances by shareholders
 and required principal payments of $2
096 of our bank loan.&nbsp;


June 30
 2018
 we have generated an accumulated deficit of approximately $8
620
714. Assuming we raise additional funds and continue
operations
 we expect to incur additional operating losses during the course of fiscal 2019 and possibly thereafter. We plan to
continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance our operations
 as we have in the past
 primarily through
the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing until such time that we are able to generate sufficient funds
from the sale of our products to finance our operations
 of which we can give no assurance.

On
November 25
 2016
 the company entered into a material definitive agreement. On that date
 the company executed and delivered
a Plan of Reorganization Including Option to Acquire (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) by and among the Registrant
 Hook Group
 LLC (&ldquo;Hook&rdquo;)
and Suffield Foods. LLC (&ldquo;Suffield&rdquo;). The Plan contemplates the Registrant acquiring an equity interest in and potentially
merging Hook and its subsidiary Suffield with and into a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant. During Fiscal Year 2018
 this
agreement was formally terminated by Nightfood Holdings
 Inc..

Funds
on hand are not sufficient to fund our operations and we intend to rely on debt and the sale of stock in private placements to
increase liquidity and
 we anticipate deriving additional revenue from product sales in fiscal 2019
 but we cannot at this time
quantify the amount. If we are unable to raise cash through the sale of our stock
 we may be required to severely restrict our
operations.


 2017
 we entered into two
agreements with Black Forest
 an Equity Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;EPA&rdquo;) and a Registration Rights Agreement (the &ldquo;RRA&rdquo;).
The two agreements were filed as exhibits to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 8
 2017
 and this
Registration Statement is being filed in order for us to fulfill our obligations under the RRA. The following summary is qualified
in its entirety by reference to such exhibits to our Form 8-K. On August 24
 2017
 the Company issued its first and
 to date
only &ldquo;put notice&rdquo; to Black Forest and delivered to Black Forest 264
085 shares of common stock in exchange for $30
000.
On October 23
 2017
 we were advised that our stock has been moved from the OTCQB to the OTCPink marketplace. We may not utilize
the EPA facility during the time quoted on the OTCPink. The Company does not believe the change in OTC Market tiers will have
any material positive or negative impact on Company operations. If
 the Company determines that there is incremental value in
being listed on the OTCQB
 it is possible that another tier change could occur in the future. Accordingly
 future utilization
of the EPA is uncertain.



    
    



 the Company entered
into convertible promissory notes with several lenders with principals totaling $2
316
093. $230
000 of those notes were for services
rendered. $581
250 of the funds received were used to pay off older notes
 as the Company has now successfully consolidated 100%
of convertible debt with one lender. Management believes it is beneficial to only have one holder. We consider our relationship
with this lender excellent. They have been providing financing for operations for over twelve months
 and have had conversion rights
for over twelve months as well through acquisition of older debt. The lender has an understanding of our capital needs for future
operations
 and has verbally committed to provide the capital needed to successfully launch Nightfood ice cream
 and develop and
launch the Munchies and Half-Baked initiatives as well.

Effective
May 6
 2015
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Sean Folkson. The agreement was retroactive to January 1st
2015. In exchange for services provided to the Company by Folkson
 the Company agreed to pay Folkson $6
000 monthly. This compensation
expense started accruing on January 1
 2015
 and accrued on a monthly basis through June of 2018.

In
June of 2018
 the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with Folkson
 which included a modified compensation structure.
The new Consulting Agreement contains the identical cash compensation allowance of $6
000 monthly. In addition
 Folkson shall
earn Warrants with a strike price of $.50 when the Company hits certain revenue milestones. A block of Warrants will be earned
subsequent to the first quarter where revenues exceed $1
000
000
 and an additional block of $.50 Warrants shall be earned subsequent
to the first quarter where revenues exceed $3
000
000. All Warrants earned under this agreement would convert into restricted
shares
 shall carry a cashless provision
 and must be exercised within 15 days of the filing of the 10Q or 10K on which such revenues
are reported. Both Parties have agreed that no additional compensation may be earned or granted under this Agreement until the
completion of its initial 12 month Term.

To
preserve cash and protect shareholder value
 to date
 the Company has only paid Folkson for fourteen of his forty-five months
of service since the original Agreement went into effect. Twelve of those months were paid in cash
 totaling $72
000. In addition
in December
 2017
 Folkson elected to purchase 80
000 warrants to acquire shares of NGTF stock with a strike price of $.20 and
a term of 36 months. To acquire these warrants Folkson paid $.15 per warrant
 totaling $12
000
 treated as a $12
000 reduction
to the amount owed to Folkson.

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET TRANSACTIONS

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect
on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
or capital resources.

GOING
CONCERN

The
Company&rsquo;s independent auditors believe it necessary to include a going concern footnote in their audit report. The Company
has included an explanatory paragraph in the notes to the financial statement for the year ended June 30
 2018 with respect to
Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not
applicable.



    
    


ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The
financial statements required by Item 8 are presented in the following order:

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets&nbsp;as June 30
 2018 and June 30
 2017
    

    
    

Statements of Operations for years ended June 30
 2018 and June 30
 2017
    

    
    

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit as of June 30
 2018&nbsp;and June 30
 2017
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for years ended June 30
 2018 and June 30
 2017
    

    
    

    
    





    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.

Financial
Statements 

For
the years ended June 30
 2018 and June 30
 2017






    
    


Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm



 Inc. and Subsidiaries




balance sheets of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of June 30
 2018 and 2017
and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended June 30
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;consolidated financial statements&rdquo;).
In our opinion
financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of the Company at June 30
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended June 30
 2018
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

The Company's Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern


statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial
statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations
 will require additional capital to fund its current operating
plan
 and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.






 NY

 2018



    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.&nbsp;
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
48
440
14
326


 respectively)
    
    

    
103
209
95
865

    
3
210
3
491

    
154
859
114
064

    
    
    

    
154
859
114
064

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
215
782
205
961

    
197
974
180
000

    
633
870
151
020

    
1
765
187
44
022

    
1
000
3
096

    
    
    

    
2
813
813
585
094

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 ($0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 and 42
608
329&nbsp;&nbsp;issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2018 and&nbsp;&nbsp;29
724
432 outstanding as of June 30
 2017
 respectively)
42
608
29
724

    
5
919
152
2
880
467

    
(8
620
714
(3
381
221

    
(2
658
954
(471
030

    
154
859
114
064



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements




    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
196
742
21
644

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
116
158
31
798

    
189
352
12
319


 general and administrative
551
962
239
856

    
1
177
318
449
485

    
2
034
790
733
458

    
    
    

    
(1
838
048
(711
814

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
487
5
501

    
1
088
400
153
366

    
88
329
44
022

    
2
193
891
    

    
10
115
    

    
3
401
445
203
603

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(5
239
493
(915
417

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
35
544
034
29
020
192


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements




    
    



Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
Years
ended June 30
 2018 and 2017




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 July 1
 2016
28
501
932
28
502
2
263
294
(2
465
804
(174
008

    
1
097
500
1
098
185
703
    
186
800

    
25
000
    
4
975
    
5
000

    
100
000
    
9
900
    
10
000

    
    
    
416
596
    
416
596

    
    
    
    
(915
417
(915
417


 June 30
 2017
29
724
432
29
725
2
880
467
(3
381
221
(471
029

    
2
658
455
2
658
551
695
    
554
353

    
270
382
    
20
217
    
20
487

    
464
085
    
59
536
    
60
000

    
    
    
20
759
    
20
759

    
9
490
975
9
491
565
127
    
574
618

    
    
    
1
821
351
    
1
821
351

    
    
    
    
(5
239
493
(5
239
493


 June 30
 2018
42
608
329
42
608
5
919
152

(8
620
714
(2
658
954



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements




    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




    
 June 30

 June 30


    
    
    

    
(5
239
494
(915
417

    
    
    

    
554
353
186
800

    
2
776
811
153
366

    
20
759
    

    
88
329
44
022

    
20
487
5
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(7
344
25
841

    
    
(2
091

    
9
823
40
519

    
17
974
72
000

    
    
    

    
(1
757
638
(388
984

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
60
000
10
001

    
2
316
093
414
250

    
(581
250
    

    
(2
096
    

    
10
800
21
984

    
    
(44
989

    
(11
795
(3
417

    
1
791
752
397
829

    
    
    

    
34
114
8
845

    
    
    


 beginning of year
14
326
5
481


 end of year
48
440
14
326

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
30
564
1
214

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
559
886
430
000

    
574
618
101
511


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements




    
    


Nightfood
Holdings
 Inc. 
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
Description
    of
    
Nightfood
    Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued
    and outstanding shares of Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&nbsp;&nbsp;All
    of its operations are conducted by its two subsidiaries: Nightfood
 Inc. (&ldquo;Nightfood&rdquo;) and MJ Munchies
 Inc.(
    &ldquo;Munchies&rdquo;). &nbsp;&nbsp;Nightfood&rsquo;s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack products specifically
    formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly
    way.&nbsp;&nbsp;Munchies has acquired a portfolio of intellectual property around the brand name Half-Baked
 and is launching
    a line of cannabis edibles such as cookies
 brownies
 and candies
 through licensees and other relationships.




    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s fiscal year end is June 30.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company currently maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown
 New York.&nbsp;




    
Summary
    of
    
    
    
Management
    is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
    accepted accounting principles (GAAP).




    
    
    
The
    preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
    estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
    liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
    period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of beneficial conversion
    features
 derivative liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and
    the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    


        the rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company records any &ldquo;beneficial conversion feature&rdquo; (&ldquo;BCF&rdquo;)
        intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        

 the relative fair value of the
        BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the
        life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately
        expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
If debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC 815 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.



    
    





    
    
    


        Accounting Standard Board&rsquo;s updates periodically to ensure the Company&rsquo;s compliance of its accounting policies and
        disclosure requirements to the Codification Topics.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
        Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&ldquo;Topic 606&rdquo;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB
        ASC 605. The guidance is designed to create greater comparability for financial statement users across industries and jurisdictions.
        The guidance also requires enhanced disclosures. The guidance was originally effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
        those years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. In July 2015
 the FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue guidance
        by one year to fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Entities will be permitted
        to adopt the new revenue standard early
 but not before the original effective date. The guidance permits the use of either a full
        retrospective or modified retrospective transition method. We completed the review of our arrangements with customers across our
        businesses
 including our practices of offering rebates
 refunds
 discounts and other price allowances
 and trade and consumer
        promotion programs. As we evaluated our methods of estimating the amount and timing of these various forms of variable consideration
        we determined we will accelerate the expense recognition of certain trade and consumer promotion programs under the new guidance.
        Based on our assessment
 the impact is not expected to be material on an annual basis
 but will impact quarterly results. We will
        use the modified retrospective method when we adopt the new guidance in 2019
 and the cumulative-effect adjustment is not expected
        to be material.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2016-01
 Financial Instruments &ndash; Overall: Recognition and Measurements of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The
        standard will be effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial
        statements
 including accounting policies
 processes
 and systems.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No.
        2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard
        in January 2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;)
        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures
        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash
        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning
        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available.
        

        January 1
 2020. The standard may have a material impact on our balance sheets in the future if we entered into new leases
 but
        will not have a material impact on our statement of operations. The most significant impact will be the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities for operating leases. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
        including accounting policies
 processes
 and systems.
        

        emerging issues to assess any potential future impact on its financial statements.



    
    




    
    
    


        to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at
        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative
        financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features
        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management
        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion
        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its
        evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        

 derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect
        fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase or decrease in the fair value from inception is made quarterly and
        appears in results of operations as a change in fair market value of derivative liabilities.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. &nbsp;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company incurred advertising costs of $189
352 and $12
319 for the years ended June 30
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




    
Income
    Taxes
    
The
    Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Deferred
    income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and
    those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes&rdquo;
 which
    requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are
    recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
    existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets
    and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
    differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax
    effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.



    
    




    
    
    
A
    valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely
    than not that the assets will be utilized.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent
    and temporary timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.




    
Revenue
    Recognition
    
The
    Company generates its revenue from products sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&rsquo;s
    and other customer websites.




    
    
    
All
    sources of revenue are recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
    delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits.
    The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received
    in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.




    
Concentration
    of Credit Risk
    
Financial
    instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at
    financial institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&nbsp;&nbsp;To
    mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management
    believes the risk of loss is minimal.&nbsp;&nbsp;At June 30
 2018 and 2017 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.

    
    
    
    

    
Beneficial
    Conversion Feature
    
For
                                         conventional convertible debt where the rate of conversion is below market value
 the
                                         Company records any &ldquo;beneficial conversion feature&rdquo; (&ldquo;BCF&rdquo;) intrinsic
                                         value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        
When
        the Company records a BCF
 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of
        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying
        debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
Debt
    Issue Costs
    
The
    Company may pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not
    or with other consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the
    statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.

    
    
    
    

    
Original
    Issue Discount
    
If
    debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face
    amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.
    If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
Valuation
    of Derivative Instruments
    
ASC
    815 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along
    with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting
    purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion
    of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company
    records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or
    loss on debt extinguishment.&nbsp;




    
    




    
Derivative
    Financial Instruments
    
The
                                         Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or
                                         foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
                                         if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives.
                                         For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative
                                         instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at each reporting
                                         date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations.
                                         For stock based derivative financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires bifurcation
                                         of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or
                                         equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining
                                         the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
                                         In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management determines if the convertible
                                         debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial
                                         conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional
                                         convertible debt
 the Company will continue its evaluation process of these instruments
                                         as derivative financial instruments.
        
Once
        determined
 derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase
        or decrease in the fair value from inception is made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair
        market value of derivative liabilities.




    
Going
    Concern
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because the business is new and has
    limited operating history and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.




    
    
    
Management
    is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations
    in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt
    and equity financing. However
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional
    funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary
    funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.




    
Accounts
    receivable
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company&rsquo;s snack products. On a periodic basis
    the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
    collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution
    partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 or 45 days. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the
    Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account
    is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has not provided any sales
    allowances for June 30
 2018 and June 30
 2017
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
Customer
    Concentrations
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2018
 no one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.




    
    
    
Inventories
    consists of the following at June 30
 2018.




    
    
    
    

    
    
96
116
87
676

    
    
7
093
8
189

    
    
103
209
95
865




    
    
    
Inventories
    are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or net realizable value. The Company periodically reviews the value of items
    in inventory and provides write-downs     or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions and the
    products relative shelf life. Write-downs     and write-offs are charged to loss on inventory write down.

    
    
    
    

    
Other
    Current Liabilities
    
Other
    current liabilities consist of the following at June 30
 2018




    
    
    
    

    
    
197
974
180
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
197
974
180
000




    
    




    
    
    
Convertible Notes Payable consist of the following at June 30
 2018





    
    
    
On
February 8
 2017 the Company issued $32
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes had a maturity of six (6) months
and interest rate of 8% per annum and were convertible at a price of 80% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading
market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion.
The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective
exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
As
        previously disclosed
 this note was assigned to a third party that is not affiliated with Black Forest during fiscal year
        2017. At such time
 the maturity date of the note was extended to June 30
 2018. On August 10
 2017
 the Company entered
        into a Forbearance Agreement with SkyBridge Ventures LLC
 whereby the date of conversion eligibility for a $35
000 note
        held by SkyBridge was changed from August 8
 2017 to September 12
 2017. In addition
 the note became convertible at a
        price of 50% of the lowest trading price of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock during the twenty (20) trading days immediately
        prior to conversion. During the quarter the remaining balance of this note was converted into stock at a conversion price
        of $.04505.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.




    
    
    
On
                                         March 16
 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group.
                                         The notes had a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and were
                                         convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading
                                         market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20)
                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
                                         conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
                                         price and the market price.
        
On
        September 12
 2017 the Company successfully retired this convertible promissory note dated March
 16
 2017
 in the original
        principal amount of $75
000.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
March 20
 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes had a maturity of nine (9) months
and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 60% of the average of the two lowest trade prices on the
primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five (25) trading days immediately
prior to conversion. The note had an option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as
there was an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
        
During
        the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2018
 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $4
576 and extended
        the maturity to December 20
 2017. In addition
 the discount was adjusted to 50% of the lowest trading price of the stock
        during the previous 20 trading days. During the second quarter of 2018 there were several conversions of this note into
        common stock ranging between $0.03 to $0.06 per share. There was a balance on this note as of June 30
 2018 of $2
076.
        
As
        of the time of this filing
 this note has been successfully retired.




    
    




    
    
    
On
March 23
 2017 the Company issued $87
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes had a maturity of six (6) months
and interest rate of 8% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market
on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The
note had an option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion component
to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature (BCF ) as a result of the
intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
During
        the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $7
500 and extended
        the maturity to June 30
 2018. The Company also determined there was an additional beneficial conversion feature (BCF
        ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price at the time of conversion
        of the sale of $95
000. The added BCF was included in additional paid in capital. During the third quarter the entire
        open balance of this note was converted into stock at a price of $0.04505 per share.
        
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         May 10
 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The
                                         notes had a maturity of nine (9) months and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible
                                         at a price of 60% of the average of the two lowest trade prices on the primary trading
                                         market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five
                                         (25) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
                                         conversion feature (BCF) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
                                         price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
During
        the second quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $4
602.74 and extended
        the maturity to November 6
 2018. The conversion rate was reduced to 50%
 look-back date changed from twenty-five days
        to twenty and the interest rate was reduced to 8%. In addition the Company paid approximately $42
000 as consideration
        for this transfer. This balance of this note was converted into stock during the third quarter at a price of $0.04505
        per share.
        
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         May 16
 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The
                                         notes had a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible
                                         at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on
                                         which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days
                                         immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a
                                         penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion component
                                         to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion
                                         feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price
                                         and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
During
        the second quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $4
216.44 and extended
        the maturity to November 6
 2018. The conversion rate was reduced to 50%
 look-back date changed from twenty-five days
        to twenty and the interest rate was reduced to 8%. In addition the Company paid approximately $40
000 as consideration
        for this transfer. This balance of this note was converted into stock in two tranches during the fourth quarter at a price
        of $0.09 per share.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.




    
    




    
    
    
On
                                         July 31
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement dated July 31
 2017 and funded on August 1
 2017
 in the amount of
                                         $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&nbsp;&nbsp;As part of this transaction
 the
                                         Company issued Labrys a block of 400
650 &ldquo;Commitment Shares&rdquo;.&nbsp;&nbsp;These
                                         shares
 although issued to Labrys
 were to be returned to the Company should the Company
                                         pay off the note prior to the 6 month maturity date.&nbsp;&nbsp;In September of 2017
                                         to facilitate the issuance of additional operating capital
 the Company and Labrys agreed
                                         that Labrys shall be entitled to keep 100
000 of the 400
650 Commitment Shares in the
                                         event of a timely retirement of the debt. The notes had an interest rate of 12% per annum
                                         and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading
                                         market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty five (25)
                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The Company also determined there was a
                                         beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the
                                         effective exercise price and the market price at the time of conversion of $100
000.
                                         The BCF was included in additional paid in capital. During the third quarter this note
                                         was paid off and Labrys returned 200
650 shares of stock to the Company in accordance
                                         with the original agreement.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.




    
    
    
On
September 5
 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 5
2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was JSJ Investments
 Inc. The notes had a maturity
of June 5
 2018 and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 55% of the average of the two lowest trading
prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days
immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance
amount
 as there was an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    September 8
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September
    8
 2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $222
750. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a
    maturity of September 8
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading
    price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days
    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
    as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion
    feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included
    in additional paid in capital. During the fourth quarter there were two note conversions for an aggregate total of $150
000
    leaving a balance at the end of the year of $72
750 As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $42
719.




    
    




    
    
    
On
                                         September 21
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement in the amount of $66
500. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&nbsp;The
                                         notes had a maturity date of March 21
 2018 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and
                                         were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading
                                         market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty five (25)
                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
                                         conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
                                         price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. During
                                         the third quarter this note was paid off.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         October 18
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement dated October 18
 2017
 in the amount of $52
500. The lender was Eagle
                                         Equities
 LLC. The notes had a maturity of October 18
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per
                                         annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary
                                         trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty
                                         (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option be prepaid
                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
                                         conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
                                         price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. This balance
                                         of this note was converted into stock during the fourth quarter at a price of $0.13495
                                         per share.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         November 3
 2017
 the Company entered into a three-month consulting agreement with Regal
                                         Consulting for corporate communications services valued at $20
000 monthly. Regal was
                                         compensated $10
000 in cash monthly for services provided. In addition
 the Company issued
                                         Regal a six month note for $30
000
 which the Company had the right to prepay at any
                                         time. Should the note not be repaid after 180 days
 Regal would have had the option to
                                         convert the debt to equity at a discount to the then market price.
        
The
note had a maturity date of May 3
 2018 and an interest rate of 10% per annum and was convertible at a price of 65% of the three lowest trades on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the ten
(10) trading days immediately prior to conversion or $0.11 whichever is lower. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carries
a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company
also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.




    
    




    
    
    
On
    November 6
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November
    6
 2017
 in the amount of $48
647. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 6
 2018 and interest
    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $17
193.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    November 6
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November
    6
 2017
 in the amount of $45
551. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 6
 2018 and interest
    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $16
099.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         November 7
 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement (SPA) dated November 7
 2017. The SPA was for a total of $315
000
                                         consisting of four tranches of funding
 each equal to $78
750. The parties closed on
                                         the first tranche. The Company elected not to receive any further tranches.
        
On
        November 7
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated November
        7
 2017
 in the amount of $78
750. The lender was Adar Bay
 LLC. The notes had a maturity of November 7
 2018 and interest
        rate of 8% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market
        on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion.
        The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an
        accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature
        ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included
        in additional paid in capital. This note was retired during the fourth quarter.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         November 15
 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement (SPA) dated November 15
 2017. The SPA was for a total of $150
000
                                         consisting of two tranches of funding
 each equal to $75
000. The parties closed on the
                                         first tranche. There can be no assurance that the Company will receive any further tranches.
        
On
        November 15
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated November
        15
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 15
 2018
        and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading
        market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to
        conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion
        component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF )
        as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional
        paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $28
356.




    
    




    
    
    


 2017
 the Company entered
        into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement in the amount of $56
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&nbsp;The
        notes had a maturity date of June 6
 2018 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest
        trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five (25)
        trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with
        the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was
        a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market
        price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. This note was retired during the fourth quarter.
        
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On December 27
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 27
 2017
 in the amount of $60
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 27
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $30
084.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On January 10
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated January 10
 2018
 in the amount of $110
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of January 10
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $58
466.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On January 31
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 8
 2017
 in the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of September 8
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $66
818.




    
    




    
    
    


 2018
 the Company entered
        into a six-month consulting agreement with Regal Consulting for corporate communications services valued at $260
000 over this
        period of time. Regal was compensated $10
000 in cash monthly for services provided
 resulting in total cash payments of $60
000.
        In addition
 the Company issued Regal a six month note for $200
000
 which the Company had the right to prepay at any time. Should
        the note not be repaid after 180 days
 Regal would have had the option to convert the debt to equity at a discount to the then
        market price.
        

        3
 2018 and an interest rate of 10% per annum and were convertible at a price of 65% of the three lowest trades on the primary
        trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock was then listed for the ten (10) trading days immediately prior to conversion
        or $0.44 whichever is lower. The note had an option be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
        as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion
        feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. During the Fourth
        quarter the Company paid $100
000 on the note and entered into an agreement to terminate the debt conversion feature of this note.
 is $100
000.
        
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 2
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November 15
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 15
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $40
116.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 2
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 27
 2017
 in the amount of $60
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 27
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $36
000.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 2
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated March 2
 2018
 in the amount of $115
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of March 2
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the ten (10) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $77
192.



    
    




    
    
    
On
    April 10
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 10
 2018
    in the amount of $62
500. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 10
 2019 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $48
630.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    April 30
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 30
 2018
    in the amount of $225
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 30
 2019 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $187
397.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
June 1
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 1
 2018
 in
the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 1
 2019 and interest rate of 8%
per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s
Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries
a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company
also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $195
457.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    June 18
 2018
 the Company received cash in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and Securities Purchase Agreement
    dated October 18
 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;The note was in the amount of in the amount of $52
500. The lender was Eagle Equities
    LLC. The notes have a maturity of October 18
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50%
    of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the
    twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with
    the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there
    was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the
    market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $47
336.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    June 18
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 18
 2018
    in the amount of $52
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 18
 2019 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $50
290.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Below
    is a reconciliation of the convertible notes payable as presented on the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet as of June 30
 2018:




    
    
 2017
430
000

    
    
 2018
2
316
093

    
    
(956
355

    
    
(581
250

    
    
(574
618

    

 2018
633
870





    
    




    
&nbsp;Derivative
    Liability
    
Due
    to the variable conversion price associated with some of these convertible promissory notes disclosed in Note 8 above
 the
    Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for instruments which are convertible
    and have not yet been settled. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record
    the fair value of the derivatives on the date they are deemed to be derivative liabilities.




    
    
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2018
 the Company recorded a loss in fair value of derivative $88
329. The Company will measure the
    fair value of each derivative instrument in future reporting periods and record a gain or loss based on the change in fair
    value.




    
Short
    and long term borrowings
    
On
    November 24
 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is
    personally Guaranteed by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States
    Small Business Administration (SBA).




    
    
    
The
    term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 9.75% interest rate
 which is based upon
    Wall Street Journal (&ldquo;WSJ&rdquo;) Prime 5.00 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are
    required during this 84 month period.




    
    

 2018

 2017

    
    
1
000
3
096

    
    
1
000
3
096

    
    
(1
000
(3
096

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
Interest
    expense for the years ended June 30
 2018 and 2017
 totaled $714 and $223
 respectively.





    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Deficit
    
On
    October 16
 2013
 the Nightfood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&rsquo;
    equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.




    
    
    
The
    Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (200
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders
    of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders.
    Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors.
    Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally
    available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company&rsquo;s assets
    after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that
    dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights
    to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions
    regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the
    Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common
    Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential
    rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if
    and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders
    of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights.
    Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any
    liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata
    to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase
    their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more
    than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if
    they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.




    
    





    
    
    
The Company has 42
608
329 and 29
724
432 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2018 and 2017 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During the year ended June 30
 2018:




    
    
    
the Company sold 464
085 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $60
000


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
and issued 2
658
455 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $554
353


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
and issued 270
382 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $20
487


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
and issued&nbsp;&nbsp;9
490
975 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a fair value of $574
618.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has never declared dividends.



    

    

&nbsp;
&nbsp; &nbsp;

    
The following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding common stock purchase warrants.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 500
000 warrants shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;yet vested.&nbsp;&nbsp;These warrants were issued as compensation for a four-year advisory agreement.&nbsp;&nbsp;Should the advisor complete the entire term of the engagement
 150
000 warrants will vest on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining 50
000 on July 24
 2021.
                                                                                

 2018 is $190
475




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    



    
    
    
500
000
    
500
000

    
    
    
105
000
    
105
000

    
    
    
500
000
    
500
000

    
    
300
000
    
    
300
000

    
    
300
000
1
105
000
    
1
405
000




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has never issued options.




    
Related
    Party Transactions
    
The
Company received cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $0 and $0 in 2018 and 2017
respectively
 to supplement the Company&rsquo;s working capital. These short-term advances have all been repaid.




    
    
    
During
    the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and
    $72
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &ndash; related party for 2018 and 2017 respectively.





    
    




    
    
    
The
    original consulting agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month effective January
    1
 2016. A new twelve month consulting agreement was entered into for Mr. Folkson effective July 1
 2018
 which paid Folkson
    the same $6
000 monthly consulting fee.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the Company made bonuses available to Folkson upon the Company
    hitting certain revenue milestones of $1
000
000 in a quarter and $3
000
000 in a quarter.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Achieving those
    milestones would earn Folkson warrants with a $.50 strike price which must be exercised within 15 days of the respective quarterly
    or annual filing




    
Income
    Tax
A
    reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:





    
    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
The
    tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
882
793
    
    
    
576
869
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(882
793
    
    
    
(576
869
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
At
                                         June 30
 2018 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately
                                         $3
270
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2033 and 2038. For financial
                                         reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset
                                         by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets.
                                         The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2017 was
                                         an increase of $1
100
294. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company
                                         to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &ldquo;more likely than
                                         not&rdquo; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company
                                         has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it
                                         is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions.
                                         The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained
                                         on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change
                                         to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions
                                         have been recorded.
        
The
        Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should
        it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&ldquo;IRC&rdquo;). Under
        section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would
        be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating
        loss carryforwards.
        
As
        of June 30
 2018 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of
        Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no
        federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.
        
The
        Company&rsquo;s accounting policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income
        tax expense. The Company has not accrued interest for any periods.
        

2017 and 2016 respectively
 however it believes due to the reported losses there is no material liability outstanding.





    
    




    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments
Cash
    and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Short-Term Debt
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.

    
    
    

    
    
Fair
    value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
    between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting
    Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
    valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
    markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3
    measurements).

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
    in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other
    inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other
    market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described
    below:




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    

    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    




    
Net
    Loss per Share of Common Stock
    
The
    Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per Share
&rdquo; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS
    on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the
    numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In
    the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted
    average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic net loss per common share is based
    upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury
    stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the
    time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price
    during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&nbsp;and stock warrants are not included
    because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share).&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no anti-dilutive
    instruments.



    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
(5
239
494
(915
417

    
    
    
    

    
    
(5
239
494
(915
417

    
    
    
    

    

    &ndash; weighted average common shares outstanding
35
544
034
29
020
192

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
On July 2
 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated July 2
 2018 and funded on July 3
 2018
 in the amount of $200
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On July 3
 2018
 the Company successfully retired an outstanding promissory note with Regal Consulting
 LLC by paying the $108
000 balance in full.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 2
 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated August 2
 2018 and funded on August 3
 2018
 in the amount of $103
005. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 6
 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated September 6
 2018 and funded on September 7
 2018
 in the amount of $78
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On July 11
 2018
 the Registrant Filed a Certificated of Designation for a class of preferred stock designated Class A Super Voting Preferred Stock (&ldquo;A Stock&rdquo;). There are 10
000 shares of A Stock designated. Each share of such stock shall vote with the common stock and have 100
000 votes. A Stock has no conversion
 dividend or liquidation rights Accordingly
 the holders of A Stock will
 by reason of their voting power be able to control the affairs of the Registrant. The foregoing is only a summary of the certificate of designation for the A Stock
 which is filed as an exhibit hereto
 The Registrant has issued 1
000 shares of A Stock to Sean Folkson
 giving him effective voting control over the Registrant&rsquo;s affairs.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On July 30
 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $893.33 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion was at a price of $.15 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;139
289 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 8
 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $45
000 of principal and $2
100 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion was at a price of $.15 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;314
000 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 22
 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $995.56 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion was at a price of $.14 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;149
968 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 28
 2018 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $25
000 of principal and $1
277.78 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion was at a price of $.1365 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;192
511 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 21
 2018 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $1
035.56 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion was at a price of $.1285 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;163701 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

the 2018 Fiscal Year
 in the ordinary course of business
 the Company has entered into consulting and influencer agreements with
a number of individuals
 most of whom are professional athletes
 which call for the issuance of Company common stock as compensation.
As of the time and date of this filing
 the Company has issued 230
948 shares in conjunction with said agreements. These shares
are accounted for in the outstanding share count reported in this Filing. An additional 123
000 shares have been committed and
not yet issued as of the time of this filing.



    
    


ITEM
9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The
term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a


 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the issuer&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer)
 or persons performing
similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

The
term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the issuer&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 management
and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;




    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and




    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Our
Chief Executive Officer does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting
will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of inherent limitations in all control systems
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the
registrant have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.



    
    



Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
We carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
 of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
on that evaluation
 our chief executive officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at June
30
 2018 due to the lack of accounting and management personnel
 as well as insufficient funds to fully engage necessary legal
and compliance resources. We will consider hiring additional employees when we obtain sufficient capital.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on our financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at June 30
 2018. In making this assessment
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control&mdash;Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment under those criteria
 our management has determined that
 at June
30
 2018
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to a lack of resources.

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the exemption provided to issuers that are not &ldquo;large accelerated filers&rdquo; nor &ldquo;accelerated filers&rdquo;
under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION.





    
    


PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Our
officers and directors are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

Sean
    Folkson
    
    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Director


Term
and Family Relationships

Our
director currently has a term which will end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until successors are elected and
qualify
 subject to their prior death
 resignation or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

No
family relationships exist among our officers
 directors and consultants.

Business
Experience

Sean
Folkson
Sean Folkson has been CEO and President
of our subsidiary Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation
 since its formation in January 2010. From 2004 to 2009 he served as
president of Specialty Equipment Direct
 Inc. which is an online marketer of flooring maintenance equipment which he founded.
In 1998 he founded AffiliatePros.com
 Inc. a company engaged in assisting its clients with internet marketing which operated through
2008. Mr. Folkson received a B.A. in Business Administration with a concentration in marketing from S.U.N.Y Albany in 1991.

Legal
Proceedings

No
officer
 director
 or persons nominated for these positions
 and no promoter or significant employee of our corporation has been
involved in legal proceedings that would be material to an evaluation of our management.

Code
of Ethics

We
have determined that due to our early stage of development and our small size
 the present adoption of a code of ethics is not
appropriate. If we grow we will adopt a suitable code of ethics.

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE



Our
board of directors currently only has one member and consequently does not currently have a compensation committee or nominating
and corporate governance committee. If our board of directors were to significantly increase in size
 we will consider the appropriateness
of committees.



    
    


Audit
Committee and Financial Expert

Presently
the board of directors acts as the audit committee. The board of directors does not have an audit committee financial expert.
The board of directors has not yet recruited an audit committee financial expert to join the board of directors because we have
only recently commenced a significant level of financial operations.

Director
Independence

Our
sole director is not deemed independent because he is our majority shareholder
 CEO and sole full-time employee.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership of Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own beneficially more than 10% of our
common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of such common stock with the SEC
 and to file copies of such
reports with us. Based solely upon a review of the copies of such reports filed with us
 we believe that during the fiscal year
ended June 30
 2018 such reporting persons complied with the filing requirements of Section 16(a). Neither Mr. Folkson nor Mr.
Leighton have engaged in any purchases or sales of our common stock since we became subject to the reporting requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended that were not reported on a Form 4.

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE

The
following table sets forth the cash and non-cash annual remuneration of our CEO and director during our past two fiscal years:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


*
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
000
72
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
000
72
000


*

026 in payments of the $72
000 amount accrued as a result of his consulting agreement.

The
Company has not paid and has no present plan to give any compensation other than cash and the granting of shares of common stock.
The Company does not have any Stock Option Plan or other equity compensation plans.

Employment
Agreements

A
consulting agreement exists between Mr. Folkson and the Company
 whereby Mr. Folkson receives $6
000 in consulting fees each month
beginning January
 2015.

In
June of 2018
 the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with Folkson
 which included a modified compensation structure.
The new Consulting Agreement contains the identical cash compensation allowance of $6
000 monthly. In addition
 Folkson shall
earn Warrants with a strike price of $.50 when the Company hits certain revenue milestones. A block of Warrants will be earned
subsequent to the first quarter where revenues exceed $1
000
000
 and an additional block of $.50 Warrants shall be earned subsequent
to the first quarter where revenues exceed $3
000
000. All Warrants earned under this agreement would convert into restricted
shares
 shall carry a cashless provision
 and must be exercised within 15 days of the filing of the 10Q or 10K on which such revenues
are reported. Both Parties have agreed that no additional compensation may be earned or granted under this Agreement until the
completion of its initial 12 month Term.

To
preserve cash and protect shareholder value
 to date
 the Company has only paid Folkson for fourteen of his forty-five months
of service since the original Agreement went into effect. Twelve of those months were paid in cash
 totaling $72
000. In addition
in December
 2017
 Folkson elected to purchase 80
000 warrants to acquire shares of NGTF stock with a strike price of $.20 and
a term of 36 months. To acquire these warrants Folkson paid $.15 per warrant
 totaling $12
000
 treated as a $12
000 reduction
to the amount owed to Folkson.

Termination
of Employment

There
are no compensatory plans or arrangements
 including payments to be received from the Company
 with respect to any person named
in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above that would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or
her resignation
 retirement or other termination of such person&rsquo;s employment with us.



    
    


OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS

STOCK
OPTIONS.

No
grants of stock options or stock appreciation rights were made during the year ended June 30
 2018. We have no stock options outstanding.

LONG
TERM INCENTIVE PLANS.

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension
 retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers.
We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to
our directors or executive officers.

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock (our only class of voting securities) as of September 27
 2018
by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and directors as a group; (iii) each shareholder who beneficially owns more
than 5% of any class of our voting securities
 including those shares subject to outstanding options.



    
    
    

    
    
    

 c/o Nightfood Holdings
 Tarrytown
 NY 10691
16
433
568
    

    
    
    

 c/o Nightfood Holdings
 Tarrytown
 NY 10691
4
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
20
433
568
    


Changes
in Control

Our
management is not aware of any arrangements which may result in &ldquo;changes in control&rdquo; as that term is defined by the
provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The
Company was incorporated on October 16
 2013 and upon our organization we issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock to the Company&rsquo;s
founder
 President and CEO in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Night Food
 Inc.
 a New York corporation.
During October and December 2013
 Mr. Folkson assigned 4
000
000 shares of his common stock to Peter Leighton as compensation
in connection with his joining the Company and an aggregate of 104
500 shares to 35 persons as gifts. Mr. Folkson had advanced
an aggregate of $134
517 to us to fund our operations
 and had previously been shown on our financial statements as a Note Payable.
This note has since been converted to equity as outlined below. Our sole director is not deemed independent because he is our
single largest shareholder and our CEO.

The
Company did not receive any funds from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 during the
fiscal years ended 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



    
    


Additionally
one of the Company&rsquo;s shareholders also loaned funds to the Company of $800 and repayments of $11
795 for this loan
 and
another preexisting loan
 were completed during the twelve month period ended June 30
 2018.


exists between Mr. Folkson and the Company
 whereby Mr. Folkson receives $6
000 in consulting fees each month
 beginning January
2015. &nbsp; In June of 2018
 the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with Folkson
 which included a modified compensation
structure. The new Consulting Agreement contains the identical cash compensation allowance of $6
000 monthly. In addition
 Folkson
shall earn Warrants with a strike price of $.50 when the Company hits certain revenue milestones. A block of Warrants will be
earned subsequent to the first quarter where revenues exceed $1
000
000
 and an additional block of $.50 Warrants shall be earned
subsequent to the first quarter where revenues exceed $3
000
000. All Warrants earned under this agreement would convert into
restricted shares
 shall carry a cashless provision
 and must be exercised within 15 days of the filing of the 10Q or 10K on which
such revenues are reported. Both Parties have agreed that no additional compensation may be earned or granted under this Agreement
until the completion of its initial 12 month Term. &nbsp; To preserve cash and protect shareholder value
 to date
 the Company
has only paid Folkson for fourteen of his forty-five months of service since the original Agreement went into effect. Twelve of
those months were paid in cash
 totaling $72
000. In addition
 in December
 2017
 Folkson elected to purchase 80
000 warrants
to acquire shares of NGTF stock with a strike price of $.20 and a term of 36 months. To acquire these warrants Folkson paid $.15
per warrant
 totaling $12
000
 treated as a $12
000 reduction to the amount owed to Folkson.

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

Audit
Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2018 and 2017 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant
for the audit of our annual financial statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K or
services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those
fiscal years were $32
500 and $32
500 respectively.

Tax
Fees

For
the fiscal years ended June 30
 2018 and 2017
 for professional services related to tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning
work by our principal accountants
 we incurred expenses of $0 and $0 respectively.

All
Other Fees




    
    


PART
IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
        

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Subsidiaries of the Registrant Nightfood
 Inc. a 100% owned New York corporation*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document




    
Incorporated
    by reference to like numbered exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s registration Statement on Form S-1 File Number 333-193347




    
Incorporated
    by reference to the Registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2017



Incorporated
                                         by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 10-K
 filed
                                         July 17
 2018 &nbsp;



    
    




In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
Nightfood
    Holdings
 Inc.

    
    
    

September 28
 2018

    
/s/
    Sean Folkson

    
    
Sean
                                         Folkson
 Chief Executive Officer
(Principal
        Executive
 Financial
 and
        


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the date indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Sean Folkson
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
September
    28
 2018

Sean
    Folkson
    
(principal
    executive
 financial and accounting officer)
    
    




    














     






AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Sean Folkson
 certify that:


Holdings
 Inc.;


 this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods present in this report;


officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:


or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;


reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that
involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


    
    

    
    

September 28
 2018
    
    

    
    
    


 Financial and Accounting Officer)
















     








SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002


Report on Form 10-K of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2018
 I
 Sean Folkson
 Chief Executive Officer
of NightFood Holdings
 Inc..
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:


fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and


Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2018 fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of operations of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.



    
    

    
    

September 28
 2018
    
    

    
    
    


 Financial and Accounting Officer)&nbsp;














begin 644 img_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!


LWACX@^&M4\-ZK]GD
5U!#J



5O=7NEVUMKMI
M%=J!IUS=


MQ!?E7N5TZR+M!I&A:?$D.G:1IEHL

L


M3L_9Q&Z-$'AS73P!&JD^
/$+
3D*

OS3
M



+B\'/$_6:JP&;3P$%B'B*OLK2I14YRBHVG=JT=%



M^
&.*O$K.O#'!9?FM'-\DEF$:V.QPJR^L\MG3A6]C*

MKXA:[\2_B/KNJ^+?&_C35A=RW%Y--?212WLS&QT/1;7+_9+V$L.GZ1IUGL
_.._3/?_ZWX5_)W_P2C_X)S_M<?K]J?X:_'OXG?#.W\#_  YTWPIX


M 

'PD<+BL%OERIT:

M.

RI
CHOVA]KM9




EN

M0W?A[3_'%G\3O#K-X936-






M$T5BLZ65I J(3-\+N5$;8. (FV\J
*SRHAD.0=P0EBOE[@H=?W A_[A/^7
M'[%_P2^&7[(WPL\67O@7PQXI\??%OPEHOQ(\8^*?$?AW3]1U.2?Q3IT.IV&A
M6


:*HWG
_SC\$N&




?]K75S+K$]\OQ(\71W!U%I4N4O(G35%
3K/&TZ$
M1IR


M6-01EAD%8W
CC&77=&&(0?[*_VW_AOXI^)G_!&GP?I_A.UNKWPO\&_@3XZ


M^C+QAQ1@L!XX9S1QN/SC



M)K*^E2#3=-UO5M*D36O&&JWL9C$L=S*FFSWS/'IVE689(A*__!-3_@I/%X//


D2(%QZOB-G.=^%E3AS(_#GPWRS&Y1





MI0M+I8))G6.UGMXB%='C3+QDEP5PMP-_;6

JW/(4G&




-4HX2-6IA


\^XG\:\]X


^;!*X#P.FP.KQ.C[T3!) %?P5_#A8I/B!\.DFA2YC




M'TL.$



M;3+9Z/HT]O/]EEA_M&[NGDV0?NW_ 

M/AG5I-)L(=-E_LS7-3T^SU+R39I9[;E[16M%DG4JMO)(CQ9/'\;_ .SA\.M*



/%W-.&









;3$F7Q!I^M,Q6.UNM NK2\
MM=09R(D:UDE5O)(8_P I_PWI_P68^-7QH\7^(/ /[-GB75/A/\ !W1]0O=-
MMO%/AZYET_Q[X_2SDD@?6?[=C9+GPUH5WL:73M/TM[74I(2)+^\?S%AM^6_9
M)^

M-)(=3M[9XOL$#F622_O99%D@E9#^7/P*\!:;\3?C/\(?AIJMU-::1XY^)?@K


71E5


PL8YXXUN


M.^&_B%X.TOXAW7AC2E2'3= US4=0O['5TT^Q7;%IEOJ5W9-K:9;.TCDN!%
M9PP6QC@3TN!_%#@_QCSG


 N'\H\1\E\2




LJRJNIZ5I%M!=P(
MWE 2


M@Y5Y1GS1I0B\#PAX^^


MZ*V2.W692K2&)4)#
FSZOPD\6

7[/##)#:5XM.3G/_(^^*#DY+'DGNQ(]3UK]*L<DYZXX]/_ -=?FK_P







@$OL*9

M_$B73YKB





MHD=F#6Z_+'[%G['WC/\ ;7^+ES\(_!?B'0_MSI/A/4_%VJZ_P(4FO+:UL;


M_J]*3CRTVYN/

MBSP8OA/3KNR




@'^R+_@D%
MN/\ P3Q_9S+[58:!KX*KT 'C'Q&!_!'R1R1L&W[N!C ^//CG_P $'?AI\9/B


M9;W4+S5+RYGBLH8;:%7O+^X
$
:



M^+/'?%/$66X7Y+G-/.(9=B:6/P^)J5WC,[GC*#]A1;G!2P[4Y.JH\K?*[.Z
M/Y&O^Z9(_;XULAL








VL:AJG_):E\,;?X8
MS:M;O%'JZZ?::+#H]OJ2$J8?MJ?9X;LHR- \JF-D\IB*_&#P=_P;U_SPUXL



)CHY-E.6T












MF
SW'T:T*6&H87
E*FJTG6EA:
EEKJ8K



MVI%AC_ID*BJH15 4#:% X ]


M?:%^.\




4LP





 ?.3&N
MXR +^HSX8_\&\'P]T;Q19ZG\5_V@/$GCSPQ;26L]QX8\-^$;7P5-JLL,OG3
MP7NMRZ]XDN(;Z=4$L5A;6ET(RRQ7L3B.1/6OCS_ 

M?KWPDT+7;;28H/ /ASPIHEYH6B3:9IEIIDC:0\ES9O;VUTMG'=FV:)WANY+F








MC=*LX']JR%;96@
;



M


MK/V:CS).4I?TC]&/P9PU?'4O&;B+/L7G_$&

M.M6J8K$2A6JPII*E3ASN7*^6$8K1117\IG]V!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
944 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!__V0$!
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued&#13;    and outstanding shares of Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All&#13;    of its operations are conducted by its two subsidiaries: Nightfood
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Nightfood&amp;#8221;) and MJ Munchies
 Inc.(&#13;    &amp;#8220;Munchies&amp;#8221;). &amp;#160;&amp;#160;Nightfood&amp;#8217;s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack products specifically&#13;    formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly&#13;    way.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Munchies has acquired a portfolio of intellectual property around the brand name Half-Baked
 and is launching&#13;    a line of cannabis edibles such as cookies
 brownies
 and candies



 which contemplate the realization&#13;    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Because the business is new and has&#13;    limited operating history and relatively few sales



&#13;    the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
&#13;    collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution&#13;    partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 or 45 days. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the&#13;    Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account&#13;    is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has not provided any sales&#13;    allowances for June 30
 2018 and June 30
 2017



116&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;87
676&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7
093&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;8
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;103
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;95


 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is&#13;    personally Guaranteed by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer


 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Bank Loan&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(3

 2018 and 2017
 totaled $714 and $223


974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;TOTAL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;197
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180


 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Bank Loan&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(3

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2018

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

000 shares of A Stock designated. Each share of such stock shall vote with the common stock and have 100
000 votes. A Stock has no conversion
 dividend or liquidation rights Accordingly
 the holders of A Stock will
 by reason of their voting power be able to control the affairs of the Registrant. The foregoing is only a summary of the certificate of designation for the A Stock
 which is filed as an exhibit hereto
 The Registrant has issued 1
000 shares of A Stock to Sean Folkson


 the Company has issued 230
948 shares in conjunction with said agreements. These shares&#13;are accounted for in the outstanding share count reported in this Filing. An additional 123

    
    
    

000 warrants shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;yet vested.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These warrants were&#13;issued as compensation for a four-year advisory agreement.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Should the advisor complete the entire term of the engagement
&#13;150
000 warrants will vest on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining&#13;50
000 on July 24

    
    

 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
 2016. A new twelve month consulting agreement was entered into for Mr. Folkson effective July 1
 2018
 which paid Folkson the same $6
000 monthly consulting fee. In addition
 the Company made bonuses available to Folkson upon the Company hitting certain revenue milestones of $1
000
000 in a quarter and $3
000


&lt;br /&gt; 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Issued&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt; 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%&gt;0.15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 11%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 11%&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 11%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 11%&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;105
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;105
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.30&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;300
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;300
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;300
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
105
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
405

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
 the Company recorded a loss in fair value of derivative $88

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2017 to September 12

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2017 and funded on&#13;August 1
 2017
 in the amount of $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP. As part of this transaction
 the Company issued&#13;Labrys a block of 400
650 &amp;#8220;Commitment Shares&amp;#8221;. These shares
 although issued to Labrys
 were to be returned to&#13;the Company should the Company pay off the note prior to the 6 month maturity date. In September of 2017
 to facilitate the&#13;issuance of additional operating capital
 the Company and Labrys agreed that Labrys shall be entitled to keep 100
000 of the&#13;400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 derivative liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies

    

 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments


 investor relations
 new package design
&#13;    website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
&#13;    and paid advertising.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $189
352 and $12
319 for the years ended June 30
&#13;    2018 and 2017


 and
 therefore

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes&amp;#8221;
 which&#13;    requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are&#13;    recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of&#13;    existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases


 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs


 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To&#13;    mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management&#13;    believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30



 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of&#13;        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying&#13;        debt occurs

    

 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face&#13;    amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.&#13;    If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs


 along&#13;    with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting&#13;    purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion&#13;    of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company&#13;    records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes


 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine&#13;        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments&#13;        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at&#13;        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative&#13;        financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features&#13;        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate&#13;        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management&#13;        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion&#13;        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt



116&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;87
676&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7
093&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;8
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;103
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;95



974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;TOTAL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;197
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;430
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible notes payable issued as of June 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
316
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unamortized amortization of debt and beneficial conversion feature&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(956
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(581
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes converted into shares of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(574
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance at June 30
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;633


 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $0 and $0 in 2018 and 2017
&#13;respectively

 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and&#13;    $72

 and then converted into a month to month effective January&#13;    1
 2016. A new twelve month consulting agreement was entered into for Mr. Folkson effective July 1
 2018
 which paid Folkson&#13;    the same $6
000 monthly consulting fee.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In addition
 the Company made bonuses available to Folkson upon the Company&#13;    hitting certain revenue milestones of $1
000
000 in a quarter and $3
000



    
    

 2018

 2017 the Company issued $32

 this note was assigned to a third party that is not affiliated with Black Forest during fiscal year&#13;        2017. At such time
 the maturity date of the note was extended to June 30
 2018. On August 10
 2017
 the Company entered&#13;        into a Forbearance Agreement with SkyBridge Ventures LLC
 whereby the date of conversion eligibility for a $35
000 note&#13;        held by SkyBridge was changed from August 8
 2017 to September 12
 2017. In addition

 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group.&#13;                                         The notes had a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and were&#13;                                         convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading&#13;                                         market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20)&#13;                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
&#13;                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount

 2017 the Company successfully retired this convertible promissory note dated March
 16
 2017
 in the original&#13;        principal amount of $75

 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes had a maturity of nine (9) months&#13;and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 60% of the average of the two lowest trade prices on the&#13;primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five (25) trading days immediately&#13;prior to conversion. The note had an option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount

 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $4
576 and extended&#13;        the maturity to December 20
 2017. In addition
 the discount was adjusted to 50% of the lowest trading price of the stock&#13;        during the previous 20 trading days. During the second quarter of 2018 there were several conversions of this note into&#13;        common stock ranging between $0.03 to $0.06 per share. There was a balance on this note as of June 30
 2018 of $2


 2017 the Company issued $87
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes had a maturity of six (6) months&#13;and interest rate of 8% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market&#13;on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The&#13;note had an option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount

500 and extended&#13;        the maturity to June 30
 2018. The Company also determined there was an additional beneficial conversion feature (BCF&#13;        ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price at the time of conversion&#13;        of the sale of $95

 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The&#13;                                         notes had a maturity of nine (9) months and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible&#13;                                         at a price of 60% of the average of the two lowest trade prices on the primary trading&#13;                                         market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five&#13;                                         (25) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
&#13;                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount

602.74 and extended&#13;        the maturity to November 6
 2018. The conversion rate was reduced to 50%
 look-back date changed from twenty-five days&#13;        to twenty and the interest rate was reduced to 8%. In addition the Company paid approximately $42

 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The&#13;                                         notes had a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible&#13;                                         at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on&#13;                                         which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days&#13;                                         immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a&#13;                                         penalty in association with the remittance amount

216.44 and extended&#13;        the maturity to November 6
 2018. The conversion rate was reduced to 50%
 look-back date changed from twenty-five days&#13;        to twenty and the interest rate was reduced to 8%. In addition the Company paid approximately $40

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security&#13;                                         purchase agreement dated July 31
 2017 and funded on August 1
 2017
 in the amount of&#13;                                         $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As part of this transaction
 the&#13;                                         Company issued Labrys a block of 400
650 &amp;#8220;Commitment Shares&amp;#8221;.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These&#13;                                         shares
 although issued to Labrys
 were to be returned to the Company should the Company&#13;                                         pay off the note prior to the 6 month maturity date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In September of 2017
&#13;                                         to facilitate the issuance of additional operating capital
 the Company and Labrys agreed&#13;                                         that Labrys shall be entitled to keep 100
000 of the 400
650 Commitment Shares in the&#13;                                         event of a timely retirement of the debt. The notes had an interest rate of 12% per annum&#13;                                         and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading&#13;                                         market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty five (25)&#13;                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The Company also determined there was a&#13;                                         beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the&#13;                                         effective exercise price and the market price at the time of conversion of $100
000.&#13;                                         The BCF was included in additional paid in capital. During the third quarter this note&#13;                                         was paid off and Labrys returned 200

 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 5
&#13;2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was JSJ Investments
 Inc. The notes had a maturity&#13;of June 5
 2018 and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 55% of the average of the two lowest trading&#13;prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days&#13;immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance&#13;amount

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September&#13;    8
 2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $222
750. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a&#13;    maturity of September 8
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading&#13;    price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days&#13;    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
&#13;    as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion&#13;    feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included&#13;    in additional paid in capital. During the fourth quarter there were two note conversions for an aggregate total of $150
000&#13;    leaving a balance at the end of the year of $72
750 As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $42

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security&#13;                                         purchase agreement in the amount of $66
500. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&amp;#160;The&#13;                                         notes had a maturity date of March 21
 2018 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and&#13;                                         were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading&#13;                                         market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty five (25)&#13;                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
&#13;                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security&#13;                                         purchase agreement dated October 18
 2017
 in the amount of $52
500. The lender was Eagle&#13;                                         Equities
 LLC. The notes had a maturity of October 18
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per&#13;                                         annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary&#13;                                         trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty&#13;                                         (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option be prepaid
&#13;                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount

 2017
 the Company entered into a three-month consulting agreement with Regal&#13;                                         Consulting for corporate communications services valued at $20
000 monthly. Regal was&#13;                                         compensated $10
000 in cash monthly for services provided. In addition
 the Company issued&#13;                                         Regal a six month note for $30
000
 which the Company had the right to prepay at any&#13;                                         time. Should the note not be repaid after 180 days

 2018 and an interest rate of 10% per annum and was convertible at a price of 65% of the three lowest trades on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the ten&#13;(10) trading days immediately prior to conversion or $0.11 whichever is lower. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carries&#13;a penalty in association with the remittance amount

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November&#13;    6
 2017
 in the amount of $48
647. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 6
 2018 and interest&#13;    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic&#13;    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of&#13;    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $17

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November&#13;    6
 2017
 in the amount of $45
551. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 6
 2018 and interest&#13;    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic&#13;    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of&#13;    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $16

 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security&#13;                                         purchase agreement (SPA) dated November 7
 2017. The SPA was for a total of $315
000
&#13;                                         consisting of four tranches of funding
 each equal to $78

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated November&#13;        7
 2017
 in the amount of $78
750. The lender was Adar Bay
 LLC. The notes had a maturity of November 7
 2018 and interest&#13;        rate of 8% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market&#13;        on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion.&#13;        The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount

 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security&#13;                                         purchase agreement (SPA) dated November 15
 2017. The SPA was for a total of $150
000
&#13;                                         consisting of two tranches of funding
 each equal to $75

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated November&#13;        15
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 15
 2018&#13;        and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading&#13;        market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to&#13;        conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion&#13;        component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF )&#13;        as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional&#13;        paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $28

 2017
 the Company entered&#13;        into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement in the amount of $56
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&amp;#160;The&#13;        notes had a maturity date of June 6
 2018 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest&#13;        trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five (25)&#13;        trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with&#13;        the remittance amount

 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 27
 2017
 in the amount of $60
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 27
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $30
084.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On January 10
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated January 10
 2018
 in the amount of $110
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of January 10
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $58
466.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On January 31
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 8
 2017
 in the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of September 8
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $66

 2018
 the Company entered&#13;        into a six-month consulting agreement with Regal Consulting for corporate communications services valued at $260
000 over this&#13;        period of time. Regal was compensated $10
000 in cash monthly for services provided
 resulting in total cash payments of $60
000.&#13;        In addition
 the Company issued Regal a six month note for $200
000
 which the Company had the right to prepay at any time. Should&#13;        the note not be repaid after 180 days

 2018 and an interest rate of 10% per annum and were convertible at a price of 65% of the three lowest trades on the primary&#13;        trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the ten (10) trading days immediately prior to conversion&#13;        or $0.44 whichever is lower. The note had an option be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
&#13;        as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion&#13;        feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. During the Fourth&#13;        quarter the Company paid $100
000 on the note and entered into an agreement to terminate the debt conversion feature of this note.&#13;        The balance outstanding as of June 30&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; is $100

 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November 15
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 15
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $40
116.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On March 2
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 27
 2017
 in the amount of $60
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 27
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $36
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On March 2
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated March 2
 2018
 in the amount of $115
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of March 2
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the ten (10) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $77

 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 10
 2018
&#13;    in the amount of $62
500. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 10
 2019 and interest rate&#13;    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic&#13;    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of&#13;    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $48

 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 30
 2018
&#13;    in the amount of $225
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 30
 2019 and interest rate&#13;    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic&#13;    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of&#13;    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $187

 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 1
 2018
 in&#13;the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 1
 2019 and interest rate of 8%&#13;per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries&#13;a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company&#13;also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise&#13;price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $195

 2018
 the Company received cash in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and Securities Purchase Agreement&#13;    dated October 18
 2017.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The note was in the amount of in the amount of $52
500. The lender was Eagle Equities
&#13;    LLC. The notes have a maturity of October 18
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50%&#13;    of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the&#13;    twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with&#13;    the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there&#13;    was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the&#13;    market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $47

 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 18
 2018
&#13;    in the amount of $52
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 18
 2019 and interest rate&#13;    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which&#13;    the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note&#13;    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy&#13;    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic&#13;    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of&#13;    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $50


 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;430
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Convertible notes payable issued as of June 30
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
316
093&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Unamortized amortization of debt and beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(956
355&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Notes paid&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(581
250&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Notes converted into shares of common stock&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(574
618&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: White&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Balance at June 30
 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;633




 2013
 the Nightfood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly

000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event

608
329 and 29
724
432 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2018 and 2017 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;During the year ended June 30

085 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $60
000
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;and issued 2
658
455 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $554
353
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;and issued 270
382 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $20
487
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;and issued&amp;#160;&amp;#160;9
490
975 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a fair value of $574

000 warrants shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;yet&#13;        vested.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These warrants were issued as compensation for a four-year advisory agreement.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Should the advisor&#13;        complete the entire term of the engagement
 150
000 warrants will vest on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another&#13;        150
000 on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining 50
000 on July 24

 2018 is $190

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Issued&amp;#160;in&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expired&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
105
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4.5pt double; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
405

    

 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Short-Term Debt
 Accounts Payable


 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities&#13;    in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active


576

576

576

576






576

576

576

576





    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    



















 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share
&amp;#8221; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt

239
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(915
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
239
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(915
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator &amp;#8211; basic and diluted loss per share &amp;#8211; weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
544
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
020


239
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(915
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
239
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(915
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator &amp;#8211; basic and diluted loss per share &amp;#8211; weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
544
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
020


 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated July 2
 2018 and funded on July 3
 2018
 in the amount of $200
000. The lender was Eagle Equities

 2018
 the Company successfully retired an outstanding promissory note with Regal Consulting
 LLC by paying the $108

 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated August 2
 2018 and funded on August 3
 2018
 in the amount of $103
005. The lender was Eagle Equities

 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated September 6
 2018 and funded on September 7
 2018
 in the amount of $78
000. The lender was Eagle Equities

 2018
 the Registrant Filed a Certificated of Designation for a class of preferred stock designated Class A Super Voting Preferred Stock (&amp;#8220;A Stock&amp;#8221;). There are 10
000 shares of A Stock designated. Each share of such stock shall vote with the common stock and have 100
000 votes. A Stock has no conversion
 dividend or liquidation rights Accordingly
 the holders of A Stock will
 by reason of their voting power be able to control the affairs of the Registrant. The foregoing is only a summary of the certificate of designation for the A Stock
 which is filed as an exhibit hereto
 The Registrant has issued 1
000 shares of A Stock to Sean Folkson

 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $893.33 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion was at a price of $.15 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;139

 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $45
000 of principal and $2
100 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion was at a price of $.15 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;314

 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $995.56 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion was at a price of $.14 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;149

 2018 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $25
000 of principal and $1
277.78 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion was at a price of $.1365 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;192

 2018 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $1

 in the ordinary course of business
 the Company has entered into consulting and influencer agreements with&#13;a number of individuals
 most of whom are professional athletes
 which call for the issuance of Company common stock as compensation.&#13;As of the time and date of this filing
 the Company has issued 230
948 shares in conjunction with said agreements. These shares&#13;are accounted for in the outstanding share count reported in this Filing. An additional 123

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    


 derivative liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beneficial Conversion Feature&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For conventional convertible debt where the&#13;        rate of conversion is below market value

 the relative&#13;        fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is&#13;        amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts&#13;        is immediately expensed.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt Issue Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company may pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not or with other consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Original Issue Discount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;If debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valuation of Derivative Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ASC 815 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#8221; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue&#13;        from Contracts with Customers (&amp;#8220;Topic 606&amp;#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB ASC 605.&#13;        The guidance is designed to create greater comparability for financial statement users across industries and jurisdictions. The&#13;        guidance also requires enhanced disclosures. The guidance was originally effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within&#13;        those years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. In July 2015
 the FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue guidance&#13;        by one year to fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Entities will be permitted&#13;        to adopt the new revenue standard early
 but not before the original effective date. The guidance permits the use of either a full&#13;        retrospective or modified retrospective transition method. We completed the review of our arrangements with customers across our&#13;        businesses
 including our practices of offering rebates
 refunds
 discounts and other price allowances
 and trade and consumer&#13;        promotion programs. As we evaluated our methods of estimating the amount and timing of these various forms of variable consideration
&#13;        we determined we will accelerate the expense recognition of certain trade and consumer promotion programs under the new guidance.&#13;        Based on our assessment
 the impact is not expected to be material on an annual basis
 but will impact quarterly results. We will&#13;        use the modified retrospective method when we adopt the new guidance in 2019

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
&#13;        Financial Instruments &amp;#8211; Overall: Recognition and Measurements of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The standard&#13;        will be effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
&#13;        including accounting policies
 processes

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&#13;        Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard in January&#13;        2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;)&#13;        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets&#13;        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures&#13;        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash&#13;        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning&#13;        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach

 2020. The standard may have a material impact on our balance sheets in the future if we entered into new leases
 but&#13;        will not have a material impact on our statement of operations. The most significant impact will be the recognition of ROU assets&#13;        and lease liabilities for operating leases. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
&#13;        including accounting policies
 processes

 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine&#13;        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments&#13;        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at&#13;        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative&#13;        financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features&#13;        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate&#13;        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management&#13;        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion&#13;        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt

 derivative liabilities are&#13;        adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase or decrease in the fair value from inception is&#13;        made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair market value of derivative liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company classifies as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. &amp;#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $189
352 and $12
319 for the years ended June 30
 2018 and 2017

 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes&amp;#8221;
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases

 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs

 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30
 2018 and 2017 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beneficial Conversion Feature&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For conventional convertible debt where the&#13;        rate of conversion is below market value

 the relative&#13;        fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is&#13;        amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts&#13;        is immediately expensed.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt Issue Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company may pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not or with other consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Original Issue Discount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;If debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valuation of Derivative Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ASC 815 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#8221; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes

 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine&#13;        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments&#13;        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at&#13;        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative&#13;        financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features&#13;        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate&#13;        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management&#13;        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion&#13;        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt



 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue&#13;        from Contracts with Customers (&amp;#8220;Topic 606&amp;#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB ASC 605.&#13;        The guidance is designed to create greater comparability for financial statement users across industries and jurisdictions. The&#13;        guidance also requires enhanced disclosures. The guidance was originally effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within&#13;        those years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. In July 2015
 the FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue guidance&#13;        by one year to fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Entities will be permitted&#13;        to adopt the new revenue standard early
 but not before the original effective date. The guidance permits the use of either a full&#13;        retrospective or modified retrospective transition method. We completed the review of our arrangements with customers across our&#13;        businesses
 including our practices of offering rebates
 refunds
 discounts and other price allowances
 and trade and consumer&#13;        promotion programs. As we evaluated our methods of estimating the amount and timing of these various forms of variable consideration
&#13;        we determined we will accelerate the expense recognition of certain trade and consumer promotion programs under the new guidance.&#13;        Based on our assessment
 the impact is not expected to be material on an annual basis
 but will impact quarterly results. We will&#13;        use the modified retrospective method when we adopt the new guidance in 2019

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
&#13;        Financial Instruments &amp;#8211; Overall: Recognition and Measurements of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The standard&#13;        will be effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
&#13;        including accounting policies
 processes

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&#13;        Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard in January&#13;        2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;)&#13;        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets&#13;        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures&#13;        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash&#13;        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning&#13;        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach

 2020. The standard may have a material impact on our balance sheets in the future if we entered into new leases
 but&#13;        will not have a material impact on our statement of operations. The most significant impact will be the recognition of ROU assets&#13;        and lease liabilities for operating leases. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
&#13;        including accounting policies
 processes

    
    
    


    

    
    


793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;576



 2018 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately&#13;                                         $3
270
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2033 and 2038. For financial&#13;                                         reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset&#13;                                         by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets.&#13;                                         The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2017 was&#13;                                         an increase of $1
100
294. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company&#13;                                         to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &amp;#8220;more likely than&#13;                                         not&amp;#8221; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company&#13;                                         has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it&#13;                                         is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions.&#13;                                         The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained&#13;                                         on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change&#13;                                         to its financial position. Therefore

 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period

 2018 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of&#13;        Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently

&#13;2017 and 2016 respectively




793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; background-color: #CCEEFF; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;576



    






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 ($0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 and 42
608
329 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2018 and 29
724
432 outstanding as of June 30
 2017



      


      


      


      






















      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      






      






      






      






      


      






      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      










      


      


      





      

      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      

      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      

      

      

      

      





















      


      


      










      

      





      


      

      


      










      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      















      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      

      








      


      








      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      


 Net


      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      













      


 Long-term and Short-term



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      


 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate








      





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2018
Sep. 27
 2018











 Inc.































































  2018

















































857
781





Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



848
746







If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











440


326



Accounts receivable (net of allowance of $0 and $0
 respectively)








209


865





210


491





859


064





859


064












782


961





974


000





870


020





765
187


022





000


096












813
813


094

















Common stock
 ($0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 and 42
608
329 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2018 and 29
724
432 outstanding as of June 30
 2017
 respectively)

608


724





919
152


880
467





620
714)


381
221)





658
954)


030)





859


064




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.


















































































































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017









Accounts receivable
 net of allowance






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

608
329


724
432



Common stock
 shares outstanding

608
329


724
432







A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











742


644












158


798





352


319



Selling
 general and administrative

962


856





177
318


485





034
790


458





838
048)


814)



















487


501





088
400


366





329


022





193
891







115







401
445


603












239
493)


417)












544
034


020
192







Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
























































Aggregate net gain (loss) on all derivative instruments recognized in earnings during the period
 before tax effects.








































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.






















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)



























Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning balance at Jun. 30
 2016

502


263
294


465
804)


008)



Beginning balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2016

501
932











098


703




800



Common stock issued for services
 shares

097
500













975




000



Common stock issued as part of loan agreement
 shares

000













900




000



Common Stock issued for cash
 shares

000













596




596









417)


417)



Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2017

725


880
467


381
221)


030)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2017

724
432











658


695




353



Common stock issued for services
 shares

658
455













217




487



Common stock issued for interest
 shares

382













536




000



Common Stock issued for cash
 shares

085













759




759





491


127




618



Issuance of common stock for debt
 shares

490
975













821
351




821
351









239
493)


239
493)



Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2018

608


919
152


620
714)


658
954)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2018

608
329



























































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











239
493)


417)












353


800





776
811


366





759







329


022





487


000



















344)


841







091)





823


519





974


000





757
638)


984)












000


001





316
093


250





250)







096)







800


984







989)





795)


417)





791
752


829





114


845



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

326


481



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

440


326












564


214



















559
886


000





618


511














































































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the period in the carrying value of derivative instruments reported as liabilities that are due to be disposed of within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.















































































































































The cash outflow from the repayment of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






Description
    of
    
Nightfood
    Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued
    and outstanding shares of Nightfood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&#160;&#160;All
    of its operations are conducted by its two subsidiaries: Nightfood
 Inc. (&#8220;Nightfood&#8221;) and MJ Munchies
 Inc.(
    &#8220;Munchies&#8221;). &#160;&#160;Nightfood&#8217;s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack products specifically
    formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly
    way.&#160;&#160;Munchies has acquired a portfolio of intellectual property around the brand name Half-Baked
 and is launching
    a line of cannabis edibles such as cookies
 brownies
 and candies
 through licensees and other relationships.




    
    
    
The
    Company&#8217;s fiscal year end is June 30.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company currently maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown
 New York.&#160;







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    


    
Management is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company&#8217;s financial statements
 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).




    
    
    
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of beneficial conversion features
 derivative liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

        rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company records any &#8220;beneficial conversion feature&#8221; (&#8220;BCF&#8221;)
        intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        

 the relative
        fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is
        amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts
        is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
If debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC 815 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&#8221; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.




    
    
    


        Standard Board&#8217;s updates periodically to ensure the Company&#8217;s compliance of its accounting policies and disclosure
        requirements to the Codification Topics.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue
        from Contracts with Customers (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB ASC 605.
        The guidance is designed to create greater comparability for financial statement users across industries and jurisdictions. The
        guidance also requires enhanced disclosures. The guidance was originally effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
        those years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. In July 2015
 the FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue guidance
        by one year to fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Entities will be permitted
        to adopt the new revenue standard early
 but not before the original effective date. The guidance permits the use of either a full
        retrospective or modified retrospective transition method. We completed the review of our arrangements with customers across our
        businesses
 including our practices of offering rebates
 refunds
 discounts and other price allowances
 and trade and consumer
        promotion programs. As we evaluated our methods of estimating the amount and timing of these various forms of variable consideration
        we determined we will accelerate the expense recognition of certain trade and consumer promotion programs under the new guidance.
        Based on our assessment
 the impact is not expected to be material on an annual basis
 but will impact quarterly results. We will
        use the modified retrospective method when we adopt the new guidance in 2019
 and the cumulative-effect adjustment is not expected
        to be material.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
        Financial Instruments &#8211; Overall: Recognition and Measurements of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The standard
        will be effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
        including accounting policies
 processes
 and systems.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
        Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard in January
        2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;)
        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures
        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash
        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning
        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available.
        

        January 1
 2020. The standard may have a material impact on our balance sheets in the future if we entered into new leases
 but
        will not have a material impact on our statement of operations. The most significant impact will be the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities for operating leases. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
        including accounting policies
 processes
 and systems.
        

        emerging issues to assess any potential future impact on its financial statements.




    
    
    


        to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at
        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative
        financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features
        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management
        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion
        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its
        evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        

 derivative liabilities are
        adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase or decrease in the fair value from inception is
        made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair market value of derivative liabilities.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&#160;&#160;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. &#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&#160;&#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $189
352 and $12
319 for the years ended June 30
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




    
    
    
The Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes&#8221;
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    




    
    
    
All sources of revenue are recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.




    
    
    
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&#160;&#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&#160;&#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&#160;&#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2018 and 2017 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

        rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company records any &#8220;beneficial conversion feature&#8221; (&#8220;BCF&#8221;)
        intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        

 the relative
        fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is
        amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts
        is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
If debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
ASC 815 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&#8221; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.&#160;




    
    
    


        to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at
        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative
        financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features
        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management
        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion
        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its
        evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        

 derivative liabilities are
        adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase or decrease in the fair value from inception is
        made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair market value of derivative liabilities.















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








Going
    Concern
    
The
    Company&#8217;s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&#160;&#160;Because the business is new and has
    limited operating history and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.




    
    
    
Management
    is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations
    in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt
    and equity financing. However
 the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional
    funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary
    funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.





































Disclosure of accounting policy for reporting when there is a substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time (generally a year from the balance sheet date). Disclose: (a) pertinent conditions and events giving rise to the assessment of substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time
 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substa









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018









    
Accounts
    receivable
    
The
    Company&#8217;s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company&#8217;s snack products. On a periodic basis
    the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
    collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution
    partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 or 45 days. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the
    Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account
    is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has not provided any sales
    allowances for June 30
 2018 and June 30
 2017
 respectively.









The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018









    
Customer
    Concentrations
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2018
 no one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.








The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








    
    
Inventories
    consists of the following at June 30
 2018.




    
    
    
    

    
    
96
116
87
676

    
    
7
093
8
189

    
    
103
209
95
865




    
    
    
Inventories
    are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or net realizable value. The Company periodically reviews the value of items
    in inventory and provides write-downs     or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions and the
    products relative shelf life. Write-downs     and write-offs are charged to loss on inventory write down.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    
    
Other current liabilities consist of the following at June 30
 2018




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
197
974
    
    
    
180
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
197
974
    
    
    
180
000
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








    
    
Convertible Notes Payable consist of the following at June 30
 2018





    
    
    
On
February 8
 2017 the Company issued $32
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes had a maturity of six (6) months
and interest rate of 8% per annum and were convertible at a price of 80% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading
market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion.
The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective
exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
As
        previously disclosed
 this note was assigned to a third party that is not affiliated with Black Forest during fiscal year
        2017. At such time
 the maturity date of the note was extended to June 30
 2018. On August 10
 2017
 the Company entered
        into a Forbearance Agreement with SkyBridge Ventures LLC
 whereby the date of conversion eligibility for a $35
000 note
        held by SkyBridge was changed from August 8
 2017 to September 12
 2017. In addition
 the note became convertible at a
        price of 50% of the lowest trading price of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock during the twenty (20) trading days immediately
        prior to conversion. During the quarter the remaining balance of this note was converted into stock at a conversion price
        of $.04505.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.




    
    
    
On
                                         March 16
 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group.
                                         The notes had a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and were
                                         convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading
                                         market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20)
                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
                                         conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
                                         price and the market price.
        
On
        September 12
 2017 the Company successfully retired this convertible promissory note dated March
 16
 2017
 in the original
        principal amount of $75
000.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
March 20
 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes had a maturity of nine (9) months
and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 60% of the average of the two lowest trade prices on the
primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five (25) trading days immediately
prior to conversion. The note had an option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as
there was an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.
        
During
        the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2018
 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $4
576 and extended
        the maturity to December 20
 2017. In addition
 the discount was adjusted to 50% of the lowest trading price of the stock
        during the previous 20 trading days. During the second quarter of 2018 there were several conversions of this note into
        common stock ranging between $0.03 to $0.06 per share. There was a balance on this note as of June 30
 2018 of $2
076.
        
As
        of the time of this filing
 this note has been successfully retired.




    
    
    
On
March 23
 2017 the Company issued $87
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes had a maturity of six (6) months
and interest rate of 8% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market
on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The
note had an option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion component
to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature (BCF ) as a result of the
intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
During
        the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $7
500 and extended
        the maturity to June 30
 2018. The Company also determined there was an additional beneficial conversion feature (BCF
        ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price at the time of conversion
        of the sale of $95
000. The added BCF was included in additional paid in capital. During the third quarter the entire
        open balance of this note was converted into stock at a price of $0.04505 per share.
        
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         May 10
 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The
                                         notes had a maturity of nine (9) months and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible
                                         at a price of 60% of the average of the two lowest trade prices on the primary trading
                                         market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five
                                         (25) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
                                         conversion feature (BCF) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
                                         price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
During
        the second quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $4
602.74 and extended
        the maturity to November 6
 2018. The conversion rate was reduced to 50%
 look-back date changed from twenty-five days
        to twenty and the interest rate was reduced to 8%. In addition the Company paid approximately $42
000 as consideration
        for this transfer. This balance of this note was converted into stock during the third quarter at a price of $0.04505
        per share.
        
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         May 16
 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The
                                         notes had a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible
                                         at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on
                                         which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days
                                         immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a
                                         penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion component
                                         to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion
                                         feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price
                                         and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
During
        the second quarter of Fiscal Year 2018 this note was sold to another party who increased the value by $4
216.44 and extended
        the maturity to November 6
 2018. The conversion rate was reduced to 50%
 look-back date changed from twenty-five days
        to twenty and the interest rate was reduced to 8%. In addition the Company paid approximately $40
000 as consideration
        for this transfer. This balance of this note was converted into stock in two tranches during the fourth quarter at a price
        of $0.09 per share.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.




    
    
    
On
                                         July 31
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement dated July 31
 2017 and funded on August 1
 2017
 in the amount of
                                         $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&#160;&#160;As part of this transaction
 the
                                         Company issued Labrys a block of 400
650 &#8220;Commitment Shares&#8221;.&#160;&#160;These
                                         shares
 although issued to Labrys
 were to be returned to the Company should the Company
                                         pay off the note prior to the 6 month maturity date.&#160;&#160;In September of 2017
                                         to facilitate the issuance of additional operating capital
 the Company and Labrys agreed
                                         that Labrys shall be entitled to keep 100
000 of the 400
650 Commitment Shares in the
                                         event of a timely retirement of the debt. The notes had an interest rate of 12% per annum
                                         and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading
                                         market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty five (25)
                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The Company also determined there was a
                                         beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the
                                         effective exercise price and the market price at the time of conversion of $100
000.
                                         The BCF was included in additional paid in capital. During the third quarter this note
                                         was paid off and Labrys returned 200
650 shares of stock to the Company in accordance
                                         with the original agreement.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.




    
    
    
On
September 5
 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 5
2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was JSJ Investments
 Inc. The notes had a maturity
of June 5
 2018 and interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 55% of the average of the two lowest trading
prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days
immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance
amount
 as there was an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    September 8
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September
    8
 2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $222
750. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a
    maturity of September 8
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading
    price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days
    immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
    as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion
    feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included
    in additional paid in capital. During the fourth quarter there were two note conversions for an aggregate total of $150
000
    leaving a balance at the end of the year of $72
750 As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $42
719.




    
    
    
On
                                         September 21
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement in the amount of $66
500. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&#160;The
                                         notes had a maturity date of March 21
 2018 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and
                                         were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading
                                         market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty five (25)
                                         trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
                                         conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
                                         price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. During
                                         the third quarter this note was paid off.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         October 18
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement dated October 18
 2017
 in the amount of $52
500. The lender was Eagle
                                         Equities
 LLC. The notes had a maturity of October 18
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per
                                         annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary
                                         trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty
                                         (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option be prepaid
                                         but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion
                                         component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial
                                         conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
                                         price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. This balance
                                         of this note was converted into stock during the fourth quarter at a price of $0.13495
                                         per share.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         November 3
 2017
 the Company entered into a three-month consulting agreement with Regal
                                         Consulting for corporate communications services valued at $20
000 monthly. Regal was
                                         compensated $10
000 in cash monthly for services provided. In addition
 the Company issued
                                         Regal a six month note for $30
000
 which the Company had the right to prepay at any
                                         time. Should the note not be repaid after 180 days
 Regal would have had the option to
                                         convert the debt to equity at a discount to the then market price.
        
The
note had a maturity date of May 3
 2018 and an interest rate of 10% per annum and was convertible at a price of 65% of the three lowest trades on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the ten
(10) trading days immediately prior to conversion or $0.11 whichever is lower. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carries
a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company
also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired.




    
    
    
On
    November 6
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November
    6
 2017
 in the amount of $48
647. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 6
 2018 and interest
    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $17
193.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    November 6
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November
    6
 2017
 in the amount of $45
551. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 6
 2018 and interest
    rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $16
099.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         November 7
 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement (SPA) dated November 7
 2017. The SPA was for a total of $315
000
                                         consisting of four tranches of funding
 each equal to $78
750. The parties closed on
                                         the first tranche. The Company elected not to receive any further tranches.
        
On
        November 7
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated November
        7
 2017
 in the amount of $78
750. The lender was Adar Bay
 LLC. The notes had a maturity of November 7
 2018 and interest
        rate of 8% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market
        on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion.
        The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there was an
        accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature
        ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included
        in additional paid in capital. This note was retired during the fourth quarter.
        
This
        note has been successfully retired

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
                                         November 15
 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security
                                         purchase agreement (SPA) dated November 15
 2017. The SPA was for a total of $150
000
                                         consisting of two tranches of funding
 each equal to $75
000. The parties closed on the
                                         first tranche. There can be no assurance that the Company will receive any further tranches.
        
On
        November 15
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated November
        15
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 15
 2018
        and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading
        market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to
        conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion
        component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF )
        as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional
        paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $28
356.




    
    
    


 2017
 the Company entered
        into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement in the amount of $56
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&#160;The
        notes had a maturity date of June 6
 2018 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and were convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest
        trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the twenty-five (25)
        trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note had the option to be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with
        the remittance amount
 as there was an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was
        a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market
        price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. This note was retired during the fourth quarter.
        
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On December 27
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 27
 2017
 in the amount of $60
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 27
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $30
084.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On January 10
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated January 10
 2018
 in the amount of $110
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of January 10
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $58
466.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On January 31
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated September 8
 2017
 in the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of September 8
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $66
818.




    
    
    


 2018
 the Company entered
        into a six-month consulting agreement with Regal Consulting for corporate communications services valued at $260
000 over this
        period of time. Regal was compensated $10
000 in cash monthly for services provided
 resulting in total cash payments of $60
000.
        In addition
 the Company issued Regal a six month note for $200
000
 which the Company had the right to prepay at any time. Should
        the note not be repaid after 180 days
 Regal would have had the option to convert the debt to equity at a discount to the then
        market price.
        

        3
 2018 and an interest rate of 10% per annum and were convertible at a price of 65% of the three lowest trades on the primary
        trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock was then listed for the ten (10) trading days immediately prior to conversion
        or $0.44 whichever is lower. The note had an option be prepaid
 but carried a penalty in association with the remittance amount
        as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion
        feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. During the Fourth
        quarter the Company paid $100
000 on the note and entered into an agreement to terminate the debt conversion feature of this note.
 is $100
000.
        
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 2
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated November 15
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of November 15
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $40
116.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 2
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated December 27
 2017
 in the amount of $60
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of December 27
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $36
000.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 2
 2018
 the Company received funding in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated March 2
 2018
 in the amount of $115
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of March 2
 2019 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 70% of the lowest closing bid on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the ten (10) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $77
192.




    
    
    
On
    April 10
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 10
 2018
    in the amount of $62
500. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 10
 2019 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $48
630.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    April 30
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated April 30
 2018
    in the amount of $225
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of April 30
 2019 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $187
397.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
June 1
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 1
 2018
 in
the amount of $210
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 1
 2019 and interest rate of 8%
per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s
Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries
a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company
also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise
price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $195
457.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    June 18
 2018
 the Company received cash in conjunction with a convertible promissory note and Securities Purchase Agreement
    dated October 18
 2017.&#160;&#160;The note was in the amount of in the amount of $52
500. The lender was Eagle Equities
    LLC. The notes have a maturity of October 18
 2018 and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50%
    of the lowest trading price on the primary trading market on which the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the
    twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with
    the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash. The Company also determined there
    was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic value between the effective exercise price and the
    market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $47
336.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    June 18
 2018
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and a security purchase agreement dated June 18
 2018
    in the amount of $52
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC. The notes have a maturity of June 18
 2019 and interest rate
    of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which
    the Company&#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the fifteen (15) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note
    may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy
    the note with cash. The Company also determined there was a beneficial conversion feature ( BCF ) as a result of the intrinsic
    value between the effective exercise price and the market price. The BCF is included in additional paid in capital. As of
    June 30
 2018
 the BCF was $50
290.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Below
    is a reconciliation of the convertible notes payable as presented on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet as of June 30
 2018:




    
    
 2017
430
000

    
    
 2018
2
316
093

    
    
(956
355

    
    
(581
250

    
    
(574
618

    

 2018
633
870














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








&#160;Derivative
    Liability
    
Due
    to the variable conversion price associated with some of these convertible promissory notes disclosed in Note 8 above
 the
    Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for instruments which are convertible
    and have not yet been settled. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record
    the fair value of the derivatives on the date they are deemed to be derivative liabilities.




    
    
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2018
 the Company recorded a loss in fair value of derivative $88
329. The Company will measure the
    fair value of each derivative instrument in future reporting periods and record a gain or loss based on the change in fair
    value.



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








Short
    and long term borrowings
    
On
    November 24
 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is
    personally Guaranteed by the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States
    Small Business Administration (SBA).




    
    
    
The
    term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 9.75% interest rate
 which is based upon
    Wall Street Journal (&#8220;WSJ&#8221;) Prime 5.00 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are
    required during this 84 month period.




    
    

 2018

 2017

    
    
1
000
3
096

    
    
1
000
3
096

    
    
(1
000
(3
096

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
Interest
    expense for the years ended June 30
 2018 and 2017
 totaled $714 and $223
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    
    
On October 16
 2013
 the Nightfood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&#8217; equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.




    
    
    
The Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (200
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company&#8217;s assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.




    
    
    
The Company has 42
608
329 and 29
724
432 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2018 and 2017 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During the year ended June 30
 2018:




    
    
    
the Company sold 464
085 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $60
000


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
and issued 2
658
455 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $554
353


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
and issued 270
382 shares of common stock in consideration of interest payments with a fair value of $20
487


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
and issued&#160;&#160;9
490
975 shares of common stock as consideration for convertible debt with a fair value of $574
618.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

        outstanding common stock purchase warrants.&#160;&#160;The 500
000 warrants shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not&#160;&#160;&#160;yet
        vested.&#160;&#160;These warrants were issued as compensation for a four-year advisory agreement.&#160;&#160;Should the advisor
        complete the entire term of the engagement
 150
000 warrants will vest on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another
        150
000 on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining 50
000 on July 24
 2021.
        

        as of June 30
 2018 is $190
475




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 30


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
June 30


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
105
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
105
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
1
105
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
405
000
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
Related
    Party Transactions
    
The
Company received cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $0 and $0 in 2018 and 2017
respectively
 to supplement the Company&#8217;s working capital. These short-term advances have all been repaid.




    
    
    
During
    the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and
    $72
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &#8211; related party for 2018 and 2017 respectively.





    
    
    
The
    original consulting agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month effective January
    1
 2016. A new twelve month consulting agreement was entered into for Mr. Folkson effective July 1
 2018
 which paid Folkson
    the same $6
000 monthly consulting fee.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Company made bonuses available to Folkson upon the Company
    hitting certain revenue milestones of $1
000
000 in a quarter and $3
000
000 in a quarter.&#160;&#160;&#160;Achieving those
    milestones would earn Folkson warrants with a $.50 strike price which must be exercised within 15 days of the respective quarterly
    or annual filing













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








Income
    Tax
A
    reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate is as follows:





    
    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
The
    tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
882
793
    
    
    
576
869
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(882
793
    
    
    
(576
869
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
At
                                         June 30
 2018 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately
                                         $3
270
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2033 and 2038. For financial
                                         reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset
                                         by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets.
                                         The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2017 was
                                         an increase of $1
100
294. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company
                                         to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &#8220;more likely than
                                         not&#8221; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company
                                         has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it
                                         is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions.
                                         The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained
                                         on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change
                                         to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions
                                         have been recorded.
        
The
        Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should
        it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&#8220;IRC&#8221;). Under
        section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would
        be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating
        loss carryforwards.
        
As
        of June 30
 2018 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of
        Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no
        federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.
        
The
        Company&#8217;s accounting policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income
        tax expense. The Company has not accrued interest for any periods.
        

2017 and 2016 respectively
 however it believes due to the reported losses there is no material liability outstanding.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments
Cash
    and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Short-Term Debt
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.

    
    
    

    
    
Fair
    value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
    between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting
    Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
    valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
    markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3
    measurements).

    
    
    

    
    
&#8212;Valuations
    based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.

    
    
    

    
    
&#8212;Valuations
    based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
    in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other
    inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

    
    
    

    
    
&#8212;Valuations
    based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other
    market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described
    below:




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    

    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
826
326



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    
    
The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share
&#8221; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&#160;&#160;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share).&#160;&#160;There were no anti-dilutive instruments.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(5
239
494
    
    
    
(915
417
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(5
239
494
    
    
    
(915
417
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
35
544
034
    
    
    
29
020
192
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








    
    
On July 2
 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated July 2
 2018 and funded on July 3
 2018
 in the amount of $200
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On July 3
 2018
 the Company successfully retired an outstanding promissory note with Regal Consulting
 LLC by paying the $108
000 balance in full.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 2
 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated August 2
 2018 and funded on August 3
 2018
 in the amount of $103
005. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 6
 2018 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated September 6
 2018 and funded on September 7
 2018
 in the amount of $78
000. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On July 11
 2018
 the Registrant Filed a Certificated of Designation for a class of preferred stock designated Class A Super Voting Preferred Stock (&#8220;A Stock&#8221;). There are 10
000 shares of A Stock designated. Each share of such stock shall vote with the common stock and have 100
000 votes. A Stock has no conversion
 dividend or liquidation rights Accordingly
 the holders of A Stock will
 by reason of their voting power be able to control the affairs of the Registrant. The foregoing is only a summary of the certificate of designation for the A Stock
 which is filed as an exhibit hereto
 The Registrant has issued 1
000 shares of A Stock to Sean Folkson
 giving him effective voting control over the Registrant&#8217;s affairs.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On July 30
 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $893.33 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&#160;&#160;The conversion was at a price of $.15 per share.&#160;&#160;139
289 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 8
 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $45
000 of principal and $2
100 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&#160;&#160;The conversion was at a price of $.15 per share.&#160;&#160;314
000 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 22
 2018
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $995.56 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&#160;&#160;The conversion was at a price of $.14 per share.&#160;&#160;149
968 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 28
 2018 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $25
000 of principal and $1
277.78 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&#160;&#160;The conversion was at a price of $.1365 per share.&#160;&#160;192
511 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 21
 2018 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $20
000 of principal and $1
035.56 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&#160;&#160;The conversion was at a price of $.1285 per share.&#160;&#160;163701 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

the 2018 Fiscal Year
 in the ordinary course of business
 the Company has entered into consulting and influencer agreements with
a number of individuals
 most of whom are professional athletes
 which call for the issuance of Company common stock as compensation.
As of the time and date of this filing
 the Company has issued 230
948 shares in conjunction with said agreements. These shares
are accounted for in the outstanding share count reported in this Filing. An additional 123
000 shares have been committed and
not yet issued as of the time of this filing.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of beneficial conversion features
 derivative liabilities
 depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.









    
Beneficial
    Conversion Feature
    
For
                                         conventional convertible debt where the rate of conversion is below market value
 the
                                         Company records any &#8220;beneficial conversion feature&#8221; (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) intrinsic
                                         value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        
When
        the Company records a BCF
 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of
        the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying
        debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.







    
Debt
    Issue Costs
    
The
    Company may pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not
    or with other consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the
    statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.







    
Original
    Issue Discount
    
If
    debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face
    amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.
    If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.







    
Valuation
    of Derivative Instruments
    
ASC
    815 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&#8221; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along
    with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting
    purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion
    of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company
    records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or
    loss on debt extinguishment.







    
    
    


        Standard Board&#8217;s updates periodically to ensure the Company&#8217;s compliance of its accounting policies and disclosure
        requirements to the Codification Topics.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue
        from Contracts with Customers (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;)
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB ASC 605.
        The guidance is designed to create greater comparability for financial statement users across industries and jurisdictions. The
        guidance also requires enhanced disclosures. The guidance was originally effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
        those years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. In July 2015
 the FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue guidance
        by one year to fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Entities will be permitted
        to adopt the new revenue standard early
 but not before the original effective date. The guidance permits the use of either a full
        retrospective or modified retrospective transition method. We completed the review of our arrangements with customers across our
        businesses
 including our practices of offering rebates
 refunds
 discounts and other price allowances
 and trade and consumer
        promotion programs. As we evaluated our methods of estimating the amount and timing of these various forms of variable consideration
        we determined we will accelerate the expense recognition of certain trade and consumer promotion programs under the new guidance.
        Based on our assessment
 the impact is not expected to be material on an annual basis
 but will impact quarterly results. We will
        use the modified retrospective method when we adopt the new guidance in 2019
 and the cumulative-effect adjustment is not expected
        to be material.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
        Financial Instruments &#8211; Overall: Recognition and Measurements of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The standard
        will be effective for us beginning January 1
 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
        including accounting policies
 processes
 and systems.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
        Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently amended the guidance relating largely to transition considerations under the standard in January
        2017
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;)
        assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the changes in the standard is the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP. Under the standard
 disclosures
        are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash
        flows arising from leases. We will be required to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning
        of the earliest comparative period presented using a modified retrospective approach
 with certain practical expedients available.
        

        January 1
 2020. The standard may have a material impact on our balance sheets in the future if we entered into new leases
 but
        will not have a material impact on our statement of operations. The most significant impact will be the recognition of ROU assets
        and lease liabilities for operating leases. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our financial statements
        including accounting policies
 processes
 and systems.
        

        emerging issues to assess any potential future impact on its financial statements.









    
    
    


        to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
        if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
        that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at
        each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative
        financial instruments
 fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features
        in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
        fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management
        determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion
        feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its
        evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        

 derivative liabilities are
        adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase or decrease in the fair value from inception is
        made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair market value of derivative liabilities.









    
Cash
    and Cash Equivalents
    
The
    Company classifies as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments
    with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.







    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments
    
Statement
    of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the
    Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial
    position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.






    
    
    
Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&#160;&#160;








    
Advertising
    Costs
    
Advertising
    costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of
    operations. &#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
    website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
    and paid advertising.&#160;&#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $189
352 and $12
319 for the years ended June 30
    2018 and 2017
 respectively.







    
Income
    Taxes
    
The
    Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Deferred
    income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and
    those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes&#8221;
 which
    requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are
    recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
    existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets
    and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
    differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax
    effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.





    
    
    
A
    valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely
    than not that the assets will be utilized.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company&#8217;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent
    and temporary timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.







    
    
    
    




    
    
    
All sources of revenue are recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.









    
Concentration
    of Credit Risk
    
Financial
    instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at
    financial institutions.&#160;&#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&#160;&#160;To
    mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&#160;&#160;Management
    believes the risk of loss is minimal.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2018 and 2017 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for derivatives entered into for trading purposes and those entered into for purposes other than trading including where and when derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments and their related gains or losses are reported in the entity's statements of financial position
 cash flows
 and results of operations.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    
    
    

    
    
96
116
87
676

    
    
7
093
8
189

    
    
103
209
95
865



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
197
974
    
    
    
180
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
197
974
    
    
    
180
000
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
Convertible notes payable issued as of June 30
 2017
    
    
430
000
    

    
Convertible notes payable issued as of June 30
 2018
    
    
2
316
093
    

    
    
    
    
(956
355
    

    
    
    
    
(581
250
    

    
    
    
    
(574
618
    

    
Balance at June 30
 2018
    
    
633
870
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    

 2018

 2017

    
    
1
000
3
096

    
    
1
000
3
096

    
    
(1
000
(3
096

    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018










    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    



    
    
    
500
000
    
500
000

    
    
    
105
000
    
105
000

    
    
    
500
000
    
500
000

    
    
300
000
    
    
300
000

    
    
300
000
1
105
000
    
1
405
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
882
793
    
    
    
576
869
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(882
793
    
    
    
(576
869
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018








    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
576
024
    




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    

    
    
    
    
    
826
326
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
826
326



































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2018






Schedule of earnings per share
 basic and diluted



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(5
239
494
    
    
    
(915
417
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(5
239
494
    
    
    
(915
417
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
35
544
034
    
    
    
29
020
192
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











352


319



































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











116


676





093


189





209


865



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items used in storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods that are targeted for sale to end users.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











974


000





974


000



































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Convertible notes payable issued as of June 30
 2017

000



Convertible notes payable issued as of June 30
 2018

316
093





355)





250)





618)



Balance at June 30
 2018

870




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.


















































































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























































































































































































































































































































618



























































316
093



























































821
351


596

























































919
152


880
467

































































































































000







































































































































































































































































































  2018










  2018

















































000










000

















































000










000



























































000

















































000









































































































000



































































































































000























































































































































































































































































































000



























































 2017 to September 12
 2017.






















































































































  2018



















































































































































































000


500


















000


500


000


000







































































































































































































































































































000





























































076











































































































































































500


576















































































































































































  2018


  2017

























































000



























































































































































274




















644





























































































































































  2018




















  2018







































000




















000













Debt conversion rate
 description













































conversion rate was reduced to 50%
 look-back date changed from twenty-five
days to twenty and the interest rate was reduced to 8%.









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































000


500


000




000


000


750


647




750


000








500


000


000


000


000


500


500




































































































































































































  2019


  2019


  2018




  2019


  2018




  2018




  2018


  2018








  2018


  2019


  2018


  2018


  2018


  2018


  2018





























































000



























































 2017 and funded on
August 1
 2017
 in the amount of $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP. As part of this transaction
 the Company issued
Labrys a block of 400
650 &#8220;Commitment Shares&#8221;. These shares
 although issued to Labrys
 were to be returned to
the Company should the Company pay off the note prior to the 6 month maturity date. In September of 2017
 to facilitate the
issuance of additional operating capital
 the Company and Labrys agreed that Labrys shall be entitled to keep 100
000 of the
400
650 Commitment Shares in the event of a timely retirement of the debt.





























000
























000

























































































































































750













































Convertible Notes Payable [Member] | Convertible Promissory Note and A Security Purchase Agreement [Member] | June 30
 2018 [Member]























































































































457


630


116




466






193














336


397


818


084


356









































719









































































































































































































650

























































































































































000






















































































































750



































































































































































000










551














000




















































































































































































































  2018
























  2019





























Convertible Notes Payable [Member] | Convertible Promissory Note and A Security Purchase Agreement One [Member] | June 30
 2018 [Member]



























































































































000










099














290

























































































































































000












































































































































































































































  2019





















































Convertible Notes Payable [Member] | Convertible Promissory Note and A Security Purchase Agreement Two [Member] | June 30
 2018 [Member]



























































































































192






































































































































































































































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































The aggregate amount of communications
 data processing and occupancy expenses.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.



















































































































Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.






















































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.




























Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















329













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











000


096





000


096





000)


096)







































































Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 24
 2010
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





























Term of small business loan
 description

 which is based upon
Wall Street Journal (&#8220;WSJ&#8221;) Prime 5.00 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are
required during this 84 month period.













































































































































































Description of the short-term debt arrangement
 and disclosures pertaining to the underlying arrangements
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 restrictions on assets and activities
 debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Outstanding Warrants
 Beginnig

000



Outstanding Warrants
 Issued

105
000



Outstanding Warrants
 Expired




Outstanding warrants
 Ending

405
000








Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price | $ / shares




Outstanding Warrants
 Beginnig




Outstanding Warrants
 Issued

000



Outstanding Warrants
 Expired




Outstanding warrants
 Ending

000








Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price | $ / shares




Outstanding Warrants
 Beginnig




Outstanding Warrants
 Issued

000



Outstanding Warrants
 Expired




Outstanding warrants
 Ending

000








Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price | $ / shares




Outstanding Warrants
 Beginnig




Outstanding Warrants
 Issued

000



Outstanding Warrants
 Expired




Outstanding warrants
 Ending

000








Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price | $ / shares




Outstanding Warrants
 Beginnig

000



Outstanding Warrants
 Issued




Outstanding Warrants
 Expired




Outstanding warrants
 Ending

000






























































































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017









Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares issued

608
329


724
432



Common stock
 shares outstanding

608
329


724
432



Common stock issued for cash
 shares

085







000







353


800





618







475












Warrants
 description
The
500
000 warrants shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not&#160;&#160;&#160;yet vested.&#160;&#160;These warrants were
issued as compensation for a four-year advisory agreement.&#160;&#160;Should the advisor complete the entire term of the engagement
150
000 warrants will vest on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining
50
000 on July 24
 2021.







487





















658


098



Common stock issued for services
 shares

658
455


097
500





491





Common stock issued for loan agreement
 shares

490
975












Common stock issued for interest
 shares

382



















































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Description of award terms as to how many shares or portion of an award are no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Period between issuance and expiration of outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017















795


417







177
318


485







974


000



Consulting agreement
 description



 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
 2016. A new twelve month consulting agreement was entered into for Mr. Folkson effective July 1
 2018
 which paid Folkson the same $6
000 monthly consulting fee. In addition
 the Company made bonuses available to Folkson upon the Company hitting certain revenue milestones of $1
000
000 in a quarter and $3
000
000 in a quarter. Achieving those milestones would earn Folkson warrants with a $.50 strike price which must be exercised within 15 days of the respective quarterly or annual filing


































000











000


000







000


000






























































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from owners or owners with a beneficial interest of more than 10 percent of the voting interests or officers of the company.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





















































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deductions. Including
 but not limited to
 extraterritorial income exclusion deduction
 qualified production activity deduction
 dividend deduction
 deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan
 Medicare prescription drug benefit subsidy deduction
 and other deductions.






















































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











793


869





793)


869)











































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











270
000





Operating loss carryforwards expiration period
 description










100
294



Net operating loss carryforwards for US income taxes in future periods
 description



































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017
































576
024


326





576
024


326



Fair Value Measurements
 Level 1 [Member]




































576
024


326





576
024


326



Fair Value Measurements
 Level 2 [Member]
















































Fair Value Measurements
 Level 3 [Member]













































































































Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.




























Fair value of financial obligations
 including
 but not limited to
 debt instruments
 derivative liabilities
 federal funds purchased and sold under agreements to repurchase
 securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
 financial instruments sold not yet purchased
 guarantees
 line of credit
 loans and notes payable
 servicing liability
 and trading liabilities.



















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











239
493)


417)





239
494)


417)





544
034


020
192







































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Aug. 08
 2018
Aug. 03
 2018
Jul. 11
 2018
Jul. 03
 2018
Sep. 21
 2018
Sep. 06
 2018
Aug. 28
 2018
Aug. 22
 2018
Jul. 31
 2018
Jul. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





























Restricted common shares
 description




















The
500
000 warrants shown below at an exercise price of $.15 have not&#160;&#160;&#160;yet vested.&#160;&#160;These warrants were
issued as compensation for a four-year advisory agreement.&#160;&#160;Should the advisor complete the entire term of the engagement
150
000 warrants will vest on July 24
 2018
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2019
 another 150
000 on July 24
 2020
 and the remaining
50
000 on July 24
 2021.



























316
093



























618

















































































085


000

























































Common stock
 description
















As of the time and date of this filing
 the Company has issued 230
948 shares in conjunction with said agreements. These shares
are accounted for in the outstanding share count reported in this Filing. An additional 123
000 shares have been committed and
not yet issued as of the time of this filing.































































Common stock
 description




There are 10
000 shares of A Stock designated. Each share of such stock shall vote with the common stock and have 100
000 votes. A Stock has no conversion
 dividend or liquidation rights Accordingly
 the holders of A Stock will
 by reason of their voting power be able to control the affairs of the Registrant. The foregoing is only a summary of the certificate of designation for the A Stock
 which is filed as an exhibit hereto
 The Registrant has issued 1
000 shares of A Stock to Sean Folkson
 giving him effective voting control over the Registrant&#8217;s affairs.





















Subsequent Events [Member] | Eagle Equities
 LLC. [Member]

























































005




000




000

















000








000




000


000




000









000








701




511


968




289




































100








035.56




277.78













Subsequent Events [Member] | Regal Consulting
 LLC. [Member]





























































000



















































Description of voting rights of common stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.



















































































































The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Description of award terms as to how many shares or portion of an award are no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.













































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( /:#/$T?(\\#P    !


$%     @ ]H




MM)+R


$%     @ ]H

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O


-+L









P$








4N=L<!<*/%B1@E7Y8$5FQ\G]
MOG

(RW





M/&5729L.CMP1U[8E_
\!*!LRUW=?)YZ:2RWU!
K3GES@.\@?_9&K$9JBE$T+




ML@/)^O'R1=
_0/X74$L#!!0    ( /:#/$T3K\ 4D 



0R8%M8.P@2( $


576@VIZR]-JXX#$%5F7'&\JPJ+G6Z60U]


M%F$R]WWG


(Q#+B5-1I%D

^1&
TB


P =H:FHPFR6A
!B(R&I
Q5JAX9@D8
M%[ P


!G/

9(AC8A 51Y$NK1?LI8$,UL:$



)_F[2Q]U!(TKPLV+TV[*.285WS\GC)D/


;G_EL=E^O7'
:2ILV
MV?M;W?57XUGOHWQZX?U]/^K?AK)J+()^I!EKLC^+YG2IV^3-=Z&:&.[\1^\[
M%XBRIT#Q'

_4$L#!!0    ( /:#



KJR)K
<[68E6]-?CC:YVI2OQ5%5OVWM'EY

MD58JEN4%HKR RR
\RPO$$'F0!/CJ$4BS8D,(=),$*B$3)Q4LVH@-I$BSV3%
MZ0(RO]92IC!62E9E1%6&JPJ)*L-I5!*9,9Y0Y DY3T1X0CZ_R G(2M%NTK(
MR'$J-G(\CY


*5P$1ZZU( 4=%ICQE
.@@-?4U6#^1:

L0? MIU+K


&(-MF^X '_ FY@K39MS B5

N!F!HK-$
'.W*HE


M13J$D4\''/DTDLR&+N.0MWQ7N+I==PZYY):/4LNGZQ$!Q%P;N2U C! 8DFSU
M0++U \F&XF2+0=[PV8I$P'!M]S$KY

NX+B
HS
MO&MA2&=3*L!


V$(9?Q?!]5IH94J(
MVTLHFB!%@BVV/9:L9G86

]P;2Z)_#O^AQ(^'U:5NOK8'


W%$2;


M+G;O;5=7

MC)+3*'FP2)G)B6C#.P!E+=D%4-624CT@
D:H!$9 1@6$J3QMXXM=:0Y0E)

^9&
M1J)

R7%
*:(L#0QKT$D%)
P8X85$

M2!E:9P)H!AU\(

FKN7X) S2U&9V :_

M12A 8,V\/919R&XHE/6K/H[IU:![=MS9YDM-#$A3I840
KG[I0
G/@0L+=
MR%A!-SI949(5D

MJ(F#&I65J#-\G9

M!
!!.E=)X2IQKBHB 8Z?:^ZM!#;6RL[Z9AEQ'T+'(D8Y$ZW)!$'UF;.\6]8
M$1J*@^LHTEE(@O%



6-*'7P*-H.Q\K,Q[WL(W
M\-_[DT6/+2RU4*=

G74H&X-J^LG^
O6


\H)3=#:Y0

M?4$L#!!0    ( /:#/$VC
R*
M $

M[KBTJTY)I%ZG:9





M'*EP

10T
M/A[?A;.=QFPR//;S#V++-RY_ 5!+ P04     #V@SQ-42?'K
!  #2 P



BF2OT\Y5W
=TDR78.H F )T!^YB'3(FB\L_
L3(W





YX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!P0OZTW3E6TIFZIJ
MI49:I6K[S-IC&P6


_P?_JSQ8MMJA44D/GI.F(A3JG][OC
M*0WX/@M872K,PF57(QY#L;W*J=)2 @4E#XH-RN\ !*!2%
XV76I$O(0%R?






7LD.SI:X
M06MAWTZ@S)C3/7UW/


M-



\H)3=#8Y0BQ]L
134/AP_XME.8S89WO3S


^]'

^\[5QPD#+O60L_P?WJ3\9;9%&IN01EN5;(0%/@V_1PS (^ GYS

M9Q6?BF1OT\Y5W
?I9D=GVC:!S@2Z$&YB'#(%BIE_9XZ5N=$C

MWYLJ.&




5_@ALH#(]*
$=IE4\K*7L?K)Y8
M4(H6+^
N3=J'\69WF&#K #X!^ PXICQL3)24OQ-!%)FS W%C[SL1GWA[XMB;
M
CI3*](=BO?HO17;^T/&;I%HBCF/
7P9




M^V?A&FD\N=J +YOZ7UL; *5L[G$6OQ@LZ&@#O%XP+,;QVPT@NVF'\3F;US\
M E!+ P04     #V@SQ-&Z569[

O




@+7YU?V=ZEVK.4B/#Q:


MR[1+D_9QNN%W

MBG2'XCUZK^7N-LO9-1+-
(=G-XW99 3;SS^(+=^X_ E02P,$
M%     @ ]H,\36,=\-BU 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M



09LCHEGXXGMJZ


GG5



F:.8


M^+*Q_Y4Q'E#*Y@9'J

$%
M  @ ]H





F2.89Y]3I&LI3ND_\'0=OEU5N(WP[3N%_\F_6R7818+=



MJ.$GN%_=R7B+S2JEU-!:B2TQ4&7T;G
X[@(^ IXE#'9Q)J&2
^)+


MH@.?2G+E1ZCQ'VPV%%0N'/?^;
8Q&PV'W?2#V/R-\W]02P
$%     @ ]H
\


M;]P@#/TKB!]0[DC6GDY)I%ZG:9

M](%!X':%!U J$*&

M9OP

M-
JK!-G&:'G-T
5)7GF7@;WG\4U^AT_3_DW81G:.7(S'EXW]KXWQ@%)V





MXA_@ A+#@Q+


N8





*EWGT

X N@#V
0^9$D7E
M=\RQ


M661;:CI-F[1)4:=UGXE]ME&!\P#'W;\?8-?S-FM?@#ONO7MW'-F ]L6U )Z\


5_ABNH
M$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0M7L==FK0/XPU_-\'6 7P\!EP2'G8F@I?R^\






;_WL?^Q\%+=2F46@CSKZ(W]8.IG=Q)Z%DPLEZIA





F

'  :J




MZTVCE6TIFRI*I59:I6K[S-IC&P6

M;(O


M%130R88HS3*Q964@_-&SRJ8BA:OTRZ[N(_3S9[/M&TGPE\(=S%.&P*%#/_
M++PH

KXATF[]![+7B29NP:A&;



M:=R5;2F;J&JE5EJE:OO


ME-0VIZUS_9$Q6[:@A+W!'K2_J=$HX;QI&F9[ Z**)49W^T^,4Z38LL^LZF


M3I
E)0XZ3O+*NPSL/8]O\@\^3?LW89I.6W)!YU\V]K]&=.!3V=WX$6K]!UL




)\DU4Z+3M
BB[V2*




TVE+SNC\R\;^UX@.O)3DRH]0ZS_88DBH


MJ5U.6^_[ V.N;$$)=V5ZT'A3&ZN$1]
VS/461!5!2C*^V]TP)3I-BRSZ3K;(

(W?
M

TC^:\2O
]5Q3
A?_'2X@
M

X O@-NJP22AF_EEX
M4636C





^V 7#D5:O6



V



M\=:?S3AFH^&PFWX0F[]Q_A=02P
$%     @ ]H


][C
0^ZDRUR-

MF@(_IH?CWN



X9N
.F*((Y]E: QB2/]
MIYS&R[.HPRR49UOUA_LXP2Y*L L$N[]:3&]:C&'^XW(?%=E'+(;D1AF=R-



$%     @ ]H


MQ .4A*1)%]F6FE;5)JU2U&GM;V)?VZA@/








M(5#
_%YXD276]

M;-93#;:*T^1(;KHF3O+


MP@


MM









S+GAM;'U4VV[;


P

%Y8_

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#
T+GAM






*L9*PUZ'L6[=V \K
M)!QIVX1P)(03(=C]ET!& ED0\.#
1?W(-
L2*7I/#A^K8_9.!$=B#C.W37=V
M;LVD5:;[R$+J)_AAA4;


M


=D+W]KLV
M%-'



H'-LE)
MRE=;?*D/)+2&@$-EK +#Y@HE<&Z%T,:O69,L2UKBNO^N_LEEQRPGIJ&4_&=7
MF_9 =B2HH6$7;I[E^!GF/!D)YO!?X0H<X=8)KE%)KMT[J[:2#&KH!7!WJ:V
MZUT[3C/I9J;Y?%,B!=E/Z3D

SK
B5' 
U;=; [)F(]@E^
MS


D5S.W]P_V=IU+4<JX8FS7^U)-;LP#X

IN*_P@V8
MEIM

/U)%
MJU+P






M\;S7ZNC/G4.MYT7FS-UK\3%9^7YG-ICOH]$_LQ].G_9::M:G8E#\F
XJZ9=?
ZV\M?-4


M/+S
_U@&A$GYV]_[)KC=]N]9315SL&!

UF2^(R9O
$6)B
MDSD&3*::S EB=)
Y18QI
G\AQC:9
\00.Y\CAMCY*V*(G2\00^S\-V*(G7N(

MQ
Z=#H B



M!+@UCL4HFTZES2KJPSK5-HUZM EK]H@1-ITJFU6)%V?)X.V:IA@%U'G:%/6*

HY8FU3BKN;T)HW%&R\.#X38XJ3*E

M9?S1H)V&H^T ?_3\'#+^:) _TJ
;A!@A-HPW&N--$Q]K:#8$#*^970T-RC
M

MP*SQ%/L&L




MB)H#HF:8=)9C?-]MD0ETC$\[02[PPJ4N[8)*GN!\0YS1P3%KSS/.[P5)PPL





M



L



V$]1X^3R!H_R

G8Y(V8Y$C.J

M-=/ NHRVS(*(C)Q%= 8CDWE600WU-:SZ1D;U(CC





MLU$2H4






$KI ^?G#_;'4+NK




NTE6@-2EJEJI
ME5:ITCY[X;@V)C:WB7]^_I$ %G7[!]/#-G!HRSD?$7T0)([Y627N1^*^6P
M1TA4+5 L[M@ O=II&*=8JB4_(S%PP+4A48*B($@1Q5WO%YFI'7F1L8LD70]'
M[HD+I9C_.P!A8^Z'_EOAJ3NW4A=0D0WX#+] /@]'KE9H5JD[KWH6.]Q:'+_



:G!]+9)$ 2K)%M0





-


7:;)$Z3Y%%@ZZ]




25!Z_I

$%
M  @ ]X
\39Y

M&9+P
&'FTJ

M%.= MHM?L^9_3.ZI69M-


M3KU*11*@=!\) 1BYEACC6F8'X\TIBZS4RN-#.#0C
@Y/%'!A-D( $=5=K&

MZ T^ZH)N[@AC3@#G\\23 A-
 
*.E[J@]V:B'AT

$$$C]V$@GR+CQDF &+7
M3H#B*Q 33#$!&+MV0JQ[9##K!

M8UN*6::(Y;&=4)!G\2EFF0*6'3O1C[%


MU8XP\A31[-F!*
:9HCW9L=
4V&GF$\(P4P2SXZ?9ASZ9* :: J!=3R'J/3(8
'L\^L[D/J]4\*T.0G8[_6=$)J;<N([4\C!G
CZAX+O='
[

M#UK4W9$KZL]]JW]02P
$%     @ ]X







MRV33/ 1[.'/FS-AXG-\8?Q5G2J7S5I6UF+MG*9N9YXG]F59$/+&&UNK-D?&*

M]]WP7)S.4AN\1=Z0$_U)Y:]FR]7



.,Z01( @  FP<  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-#0N

M




O=
M*GO.7\SBVV'MAT81

M:JEY%-&*Z


$6
A-O&-




W.$8)@[


M;2=L_[Z^L(@0FI?8YWAF/.
8I[V0KZH&T
$;9ZW*4*UUM\=8%35PJIY$!ZU9


M

3Z!==
MA(Y/;ES\1X LA G$-T()+,8'I,X3.LPVVVXV9%9EGM8O$FVR6[93K1H)[JW
M$VYF=CPFGNSS8='/ NZ1H7C14+QP/G-#]QBRFWEY/$V\.3FV9?@.Y7GIE7!




]K+W&^5&O8(R;(%1N0#'Z#77VHN&%%Z
M*1HD!P&DLDF




DS/G
M9<SD7#D]%=7
MJ3;W'WVO@IJ

MEB9H]\Y^TVZECEZ*.'K
T
40+9C#C

](MJY


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0W+GAM;)57[6Z;,!1]%<0#%&P^DE1)
MI#73M$F;5'5:]]M-G 05,+.=I'O[V8:BD'MQV9]@FW-/SKV^/L++BYOZLBY


M5SOWSF2KS.IYG:;Y

M4J0.()T0#_20-BDL5-'E[(0$:*RDA!_.*F5 \0 E1X(0









SMKXR7KN7B6%8#R7AK6RJU?

7




 C ;\2
M8EO\X


M=)0X'*4+1P.&S!)A0N(XQ$M']TT5$8;=XYMM1I*7586B\L#9CUO/9P%2T.

M2P
$%     @ ]X
\3==PW^BP P  
;6I'%F,NVT?2:Q'#,!Y *)
MV[^O -DUTBHE?K !G[UJ=P7,][)^:;9M-[OLJB:A;]MV]U9$#1/6U%FS4SN


V?MVUW(5C.=]FS^;:[[N'6IT%1RWKO!15D\O*J\5F
MX7^LWL:=0(]\2

F+D11=)J4
M'[^T4O]HLQ
\/3YHO^Z#5\$\9HVXD
7/?-UN%S[SO;789*]%^U7N;X0.*/8]
M'?U*O(EX9TGRL:3+)K^VWMZ;5I9:BW*E3+[/?SF5?^['_Y)0(OA E0+T*,
M1.\*A%H@GH0:8'H*
#(NP*Q%HBG6DBT0#)5(-4Z50!I@785 &N!?A4 2'


@U&'(T7Y
M$1V.,@)' T+X@8 =[05V?UD!7Z(0=QAR=!<@[<5<SCH:!Y(/!.QH'4@1/XRQ
M=:&A9%33(2%&Z5\A'!W7OMZ#;YESA8!1\^W;36+#S7T*FI*+8\ND8P:CM^
M@V&VMMMIVN[^BXW3X!@5@,V*R$P#MZ92!&2!YN#)$P)F(E .$YC #
3!=Q
M;M\%(%S(*7-T%77,/$J0:C8VK7,-L1-;9 9&X5RCJHP;KAL4,G)_BT*&N3L4
M2AS1.Z8UQ0:Q%3W810=6'6B*C3L^GL6)F0$$I&DZ2YF9!1OD7F
^;^/F1-;



M9613=')I;F=S+GAM;.U]:7/;5I;HY[F_ M7CS
A5$

=@9+*:(47EG$GX+_C&_J







ZJQL-[88
M+-G]6@-K]GJ=
6FO5_




U2HX.?TPDU0 KF:);A
MEF?X:






MH_F]XRM4=H+SO&B@TLL.4GII=
D6/\-VO4:7(DR([DR: !U69:6-E7







M%'493E8E:_D((0YCK^)T@T HMVL@$.#^55(N;YR7YT5TA0B8B@FJHJ!.\J
MCM(*-@-_@M2'(=
XWL!Y)
 ^8.KKZ*9GP!LHE*C 2CL 08&EH#^.1XUN T
MC6%SZ'XK\'20R19 R MEEF!6\XB6,HO4;H\?!9]U+Y#@$X:T239I8J 2C.6
M7%&6 ;V60;Q \0*;VLY7:C

M'')L-Y
00*Q9)9NR!T=Z
CD^^3%XOXJ50R=TADL.[R ')6X**Q%W9.MWVGF;

M-!



(Q?T4KV

M@3F:.'I5


OR(?5)1

M&SB8$.NBIT@3I]2 &,3/J?4X%U'-QB5E;W2RW-ZF=EDAJ 11.;+*.7QA
M[:41T6TV)^(F1[0=I7JJO _-%JN7P#]3O1 @GI5X#[=@^R)5J

(%969K)&4E/PKO-$DV<.6:@'?+;3$GEB;R
M']1$4H]39/Z$#LLBC@^-D=4QEE:1M9
V#'+BB
#J#)F1;








BX2I+3HX

:^RP_N


M

MP ;I

B6QC^+\
#7A



WHT9+<]NOQ!M/&.(JS,$YE<(4= +L-HN8U9C
M'#;GD:A+. 8 B4$/Q5FI

'2V+K'
].*:= XDM!57A2;_A*F0 <K[)AEY^SO6N !.\^ (^-TK$9U.7Q1



MJ[&21W


G$
M3^1;O?W[D! JDX<WQ;W=NU

8JUO5KQ-9=\L*/-V Q

M#?W[2-^A]HZC$03J.9RZ' =P?J#\CS7(:

MX-&[?@5V]Q-9ZK &^YY \4J3Y0TRV!8W%*SPG'+MS/Y;UZ
X!H7NTKK[Q(N7
ML$^P!9;D@T.4)_O1NF4KAH%U.HGZEK$/DW[#UU0
[





T&
M/3+XN8X=-^
/PB0
(DYGDN9V-/ *SBQB.?S$J!MDPHF)-NR'%/L2/3V(

M3&8O?40
&#

;)-;Q0'8QZ7%
@)CW+3E(W05XQDLG

M_=X$9;4O&$/!_M@NX'I=\
0]PDY8J7

WII




MF.@28\0

M$;-(Q&I Q


M2$DT83X



'@   HEE#?
M
EY(1GZ2L3Q+DS4?9![ '\DEQ]81Q+!8?ZQ-&LV%#?BKS;-4
OY7:6[):L

MFOACFGCUF;^F;N98P]IHD_IHD_IHG_TZ6)/\;''^/C?U9\?/D8'W^
CS_&

MKS*N=@!\QT


WBQGURAW%FAP07$7JB1\6&*.DY/4J

M!:0XZB-N'8UIY[Y*;ZR(B!KEF2Y]O:^

A)2P565.?'=IO)UK%G

O




M5H&PGB-=DD
1&)@S
W[A3$W5$)0[1@JX=HG8Y=[ 7[;0'NNJVON'C5W26P



YNM=@D:X8=KDYZMHP75'
MF


M=8Q6S


\*3;FDTHA/)5HN@678W!OR/J$?+R9MB;PS

MAA8ZF-:T;A*C
L0XML2($AU#QD(

MF3C=UG5%H3E]V9PNJV0'

#P9/67MMY;J#81O;5=UL
M=_RML5UU)[9KQ!1!B^+*&YW--!/'7+((%79^P'Q)JNH& &/(_^[20,TD7Y!
MKZ2JNN-E%;SPC47)\L
40&
4LRHSRDQ$-%

#N)COQ
+R-*I@$762C6GX 

OE9


MC6*#!Z;8PR5BU



PT==)8


)$P538%9X?[NEN!\CSD2WO&F&8@&V
M!5[W?A\SS/ 99.1H?/F\_[
]L:8\0^GX:D]-;R[V&'N_.IA-+PO;9.1AJ=V




FHWQ.7QZ5\O?I5[:Z6VABX*[?('*^WD'CLYFI\?

\!!4J&U?9:@P^7I$^!5
W_V]A&I_B5\SF2H;O44^3W!Q

=STY8UB\ZQ#_)(40BD(@++9%ZK);9



M1!H;\.286(GC4P'F?=P;ZDNEP-V!Q:H_KW#JB[+8._.\R5=RB.@)53T3WU&!

]E
%?R!&R&%
MW
@GQLZ/5-UR/+5!!LS)H/X*5'.-V6ID?E%*O8Q5:UJ9\JT5=+5;EHPX2/=
M,T^O@6K]ZEN[/Y.[X
[WA$(G;:&6$X741$\BV[V\+C4MK0O9_O?6A-CZHKO

'S7O8FS7J:7?S1@D
MU7FCE\2WBS4Z61(-UH@;5DW6B%3-K0C==G5!X^(^KV7=[?Q2[_?K
$P[V]ZI
M(Y^A$LILTSVK;^$3GCW$-1#Z(2JU5/]U73+^F=WJ$3JJ_.*'V=4+7KA#MC
MP

M#K]L_'=_U45]%6=F-T6JK^;

MLTUTPW=S.JVNB43*MB537LWS



M6\
'=W)



MTYZ_P;1G++\9]1V2''U=DASM(
GA\*%DHS?7(TT^TN0W39.#Z7$X.CF6/I#P
5\3!'F[6!.C=^LZ

K_-
^0^C
]0[=FCGXYTU/]B:9G2UCRX9VX(%)'D]MH


YG

MYW&17/$5]OIR]YL=[[S

MP?-MK0MYBHJ$GTKN@:K$(,P@UAND2YS?6L?C+]+-)3V_FHDH1] *K1++^*

M3H@K[ K/U(XMLX'14?Y% 2O0K=V=69=)!JB!^.C.6& &$B)5H_ 1B;O@_*=E



C.H/^3HWK8HW7%#S;@I(1



/1J

M)JW&1E/EHVIA.@0D*3C#A6&6Z_& +^9Y
L1;7&&\#6MD +@&4:)47N4I
)+R


M[F2 '](;'KUL69IDLYH$.KPCN&0I4
1+;$'GZ(: YJL\$,DTRO*_*(=5S

G 
/_GCJJ$U[R

A(HN

ME-*H14;@AE$



./?.[3L[U[T1RBW*S@33





2DF\*^W]'Y!.E*=


A 5_
L0^$OA













MI

461(+3/U1[8T3\X9J?P
PS\1#+-]J?U5:
MY=I+BNK14-F
7KAJ8RD)I1H OA^/U1N7_52!\T_U0A_?6SH^/RSQDL\&*(Z&
M?/%I0RX6;R+U).CC@1\:9#%_T:
A_C#HC^61_$6/1OW.KX 
1^;!H?Y;Z=\&






M=T7%QZNU9S80S[%&F!D8-&4Y&


$[XC<)O3E5[K!Z$5+6M4.@G/$$%+V/PH32BM
Z +$+I=TDO


0&U2JXC6V\2ANO#51
3<#HY:875@7[I*:8NT'N8\0C-Y=KHCBG52VT5'FJ

A$^&8O$&4-LW.7[#Y$\*;$Q:
MFLG0&?9'(Y$NHRERWL(&VY43+9:10E=SMFEEE'34H/21E3RY1)^4#-0TDE1

+0





MZT(3N]Y'6] ?^-4\KH=R)7$ 6KV--\/)#DS)&D1]HM*
&*
!91 A=G$UWT

M

MBS6[$-'C(UA&

FN*K2CA'*2ORL$'=)
MOK/3+A#W:1=)C::B8
0


.Q]Z(M#!:TX')7]N%4E.=)K/
MX26?_H

8D=J:9
MC&^XOM&$V?X5\N
%\Z

M
L#P1RTD7F@%J-+)T

MX8!Z@!^IW?
$9U&YHEPVS*8!;0!_Q%YLZ


M9O3+Y$J&)#NU-%/=

M!+I:!D8CES(J




O-NBHFWI&XW!\=!3V


MUNIM/7W)





M*Q/L=.&EOE!FHSZD.:T)D6_('KRFO4$S^S6SNS6SGEKW2^KYLN&%,ZIT5#
MGPE3?[

_.

V:P2^X%@K=2 =GLB0]QVR7

H9
FBR=%D4S^.CE

D;/8$9)%E)2ZVAX9*%6


M*BRNV



!








G'9N&-PFRM.;A*4O*+<(^Y#8Y3/24


M%167
:LQ#IOS2-0E' . Q*'TJU$G91Y' F$=YS-;X0J75DN[J[B,LK$)LY


0T07  X_A8 ZS62XT)[T/$]2&Y=:@JD3PO]P4N
MQ'$:_9



M)Z(_8
M^=9D,"%4KF\!MHLRCZ6]B/=EA)J;98.S-<ALZ10^V)DHO/I*TT5Y!2AS&N


MH@%Y%.=_^886M6%(CF_*S69N]N\O
? (6+2\DZYS2\


MN8YN^(([.U09H0


E0UJUKFJQT]*


MV]-#O-X8
_?'=@'7

MTW8.'0!NRC+@M9[U9W(R1:&WTR(S@Q2&C-\!


CFNFWICOC(GJ9UH[*:^THK
^)

/8]'<JK6I^0\GS
M10UYS4G!1!'7?C!E(;:R3HJ&<%9)5R/.&-6&G8X1AZYJSG=()S2,I[EH?8WY
M;\U':9**NS]HI 1PUQ'I*LF^ 3D[*BCEYDE+#I^+1),42^Z7E63VPCFZ54+F
M ;LXP9X4NDNHS-@TRW,C:V



D ?5/:;\=E






M XPQ;;0@^6SCLH&$QL!L?[*7D=GH%=%A:-[]M((NXJ%3ZP^\4WN/OO'L\GET

H)W#X-RE
M\?CVM;S.K^#UX[N]?L?11UVO=^_T(M[ A]-]Y^'7Q_N^?KJ]-'\T[*PR/4^
MW_&)[[T=PM;!]$[8.MH;6PF+1GO3 B'4\&X8,MC[*-[,*[/5NV.(=$?;Z2I
MV73+ZSN.NQ/9=Z$)'

#M4O0Z9727V!0!

%WI[HM0.@J$XEU:0#^=[ #BYP#
M9.N 5_G?P2ZTKKB_\*)EP\2

^E2




TR7%ZAI8PLWA






M*4)W=NTGA[%R2M/+(%$P2^D^I65P!---QOW@WZ+UYD=.N#^CQLRT*0KNE.;9




MEO_Z./#M2O
W6=PYO?;A=LBQK[RZ;PEUWU_GG=


M5:$6(*[;^B@GK:A/BT!5M3E'@W:X]NT.(]QFN?.)B/I V\+F150&QF5VF(R1
M4NV8'U^FPAG3# E3X+BT

&'7@O?3\$/N='\&F<R IK&W@7GLF\5[9
M]9AWR[J79?S'Z8#]C/N$=9(ZFA_^V6KI[O]74D6WO6R;<3]@GZHOTMI2ET


M]K5_0URATV XW96)WI&%_I

M76DCAA ]L^


MLX]6

K


M


M

J



1N2





66[MSP]V59_?3_
N:=6-Y$Y_N=/_[R3I'BAN]87!7 6BTYDPT:ZTKM\%09-5P$ES)FL0)E)(
MQ8DV0U4&3:V Y(U-XBR8AN$\X(0*G


6[$.?8.0T XH!5A;XFCX5M5D%X91M



M]XR6@H-?S)
%HP
+IC'IZZ!**OI@]&RK9
DZ6Y
M<.[HF]P<M(R?6N7Z(()'NU/%CR:#[

MVR 40/\*\LNZER4V]%--I37IIDA1&S51WXE-8E0;

M;&.
TWO1;*WUEJ4W/G+\VJ
M9]=&\




 

!$D

 [AQYF)NZYN8M@

ME=QKYP/QE+\=?G.0+%)D6XR$\9
@Y$]_N^\M9H

MFMQJ8_2+CRI[0PQ)(D6V1*M5717V]D)/QCTL5PD129$L\AD*OVDW/BV=

MZJTS31WGRY M
F1;W/MV)]KZB.)#X*SD9HL[U'6M0ZX78T+6R)M,6L65OQJ
M0GR^_[86V^ PYD=X )5$9C3,@@&;)!(NN2DWE0A_T:LT'RR)#E\:%^6](8
M$_)(AK_8Z);POYB02#)LD8Z(S$FI)0

O



M^7@/8
5E),7LMN$_.B(==^&BZ
MMU3%F%

CXVR_=]K/
O%=\+BO![D(X'*3W(QH.

QYT0P^Z'0^ZI0?)%





I13.4HJ'(4

@J4&25*+)*


\3?!CRE_O    *P(  !$

\

              ( !MP(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
M


4


&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ ]H
\3:
S(HRT 0  T@
  !@              ( !G2






M+W-H965T


  !D

4




M=#$V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( /:#/$U?B1A9M $  -(#   9


M]H


M Q0    ( /:#/$T:@$)KM@$  -(#   9                :0W  !X;]W



MT@


2YX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     #V@SQ-N![0R[0!  #2 P  &0              @ %^


M965T
C

\31=-[A*W 0  T@
  !D


4




O

YX;6Q02P$% 


Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0



4     #W@SQ-^T&R/?8!  Y


   




M970T










#/$UBCXVUQ $  /\=   3                8;I  !;

end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001213900-18-013202-xbrl.zip

#$X
#8S


M[)D__4[]H

M%X\C?QO*\K4


M

MR
I%5XEN=\DT%^3^&_@UNM'TG)ZJ#+;AQ^Z('@B\BYFN+^



'\;7(^CBEQ+;-_U5?#6^;AKXR]0D
K#^<#/<F<[QPM7(C6-L0@$*T/71

?;Z6-7



M5;X UUOMU:M=F3)X5+MG2]$49S.:=LMQ]MI$5
O95][M--%ACQ

MG
 ]#[MT/]==\E[WB''M+);P*[4Y]*IW%?ASQS7_2XS?;8.X][XS^7J[Q-_O
M+-WVWJ\^?B/NQ/3('43\A!*&V3.
[=ZN$:IIX]64



MU80%;+D%;#F;1:L]W=1:NK:^B'E/EFO7OQ +H##N (/5@PNSH$]P0F R^%_8

IVI=K
4B?CC0HV

M6


MG^!?C%XQ&Y*9;H%6] ++!QOYJS4Y$WY
([W9ZBF3*KN9JPP
#Z9O@;K[9!OF



MWXU<PDU




M M]/+ @+R3V7A6/AH0H)%Q)^SA)^;
.LBN5M(8]MBPK,GEJ[:4A0G:$[+1,
M=M:-B5IW:8@B)\8$/BLB2RD$HDTL69
*+N6-2:4KVLV)D)VA.RT3792QB0E




M[+1
=M+NHUKW8M401#
R)O1SV1.KA4 (@6C.F(3L6LZ8A'Q=JS$1LB-DIWVR
MPQF3-2$X.V

0K9$;+3/ME9
M=Q]K/HKQF



WMY$K]'0; P@4*26R]'==49\^ZCD!TA.ZV2G77WL=NP


M$;+3

H'K

MRRW/6P/^[)K[8.R1OP- ^^/3^21PTTAM^@Z96!_;Z.W%/(.ZCT%A!SVKH=&#



':LJ\OS\



M'


ML


HXMO\#7Q%]^@

8#Y!Q*UY A_Q-X
MOCE=M87P=-EWZCA&C$9Z^5?ZWI\3Z9_Z8OGN'T-5E=^![E[J]BJ^HKS[03(]



2#LTMRG$4QP




M\[!V!5X$)/6F*^[FB:L_(0]*I@TS.R:^CS

@
:57%S7








M82)*82H4

-%M
M:4P838T69; NE.ZEMO1%#DODL$[5


B)U9KHWAP4-%WW8
8+'@Q5

MMA((0ENW03\9V(]$6D!M\^]2RF!EZZF&.3)H79.\HZ=%$(?M$7:/3HVAXN
MZH2O0R00.+HB0LL9V2H=AY9!Q@D=$ GJKQ7.S9I?1OYYD\X4H0OC++6C.3




JTGQP3S3LUZ?YJR4IE
M

3
MSJ3N<_?S_FN*EGAA 196TJ<^<@5U<W0/'QJ .
YE
ATZK@^ENF !S0F!*Y\

HQO3-OT
MYN K_NPXAI=+LDA*ORL]:OQD.J*
 7B]:\SAVI

W(!



:@


M=H+?XA6LK$03UD&PJC_
M.UE$K?)*OQG




MO&_88QL!PK#KK$U'.8


M(G*+TM4L''(OW'




\

MLQ-2+-I:HJG?L3%(LH[5C4(]V[B=5^-J2)I.D&CQ0FPNO]D
I(KN[@T\3Q
M+P*6




V5 :)LBI15B7*JDZT2$A0
MK.JRJK(9E6W)D=SFW%%O2=I:

ZZ^DP#;92WZ_
V

MU#]/RA!\('DM3;H)2@405T5Y9308#7J%(::G'/UNAYN0B7'%[49FF@OKF_!4
W'1#=#^@QT)4D.[=AMC%2.MW-2T\F*DD-<G[<YU
M)H08WHWK+.AIW?Z*CQ8HF;4M*&B:AR7Y4&2U3 I08M]HA+F^6Z &[&OZ/%I
M2@



[W02\P@9G'-
DI?&_5/E*A./<YQPX^]'G'[MI9+!S[WG<F7[/E






O6&_






M@)RU!:MZZIR5H3:0CR]KM58L:YK2'^U6EBV8QVJ*=VN=AOI!S(Z0:[$T_4*9


M/2D
XX*'PO@I57




*7RMP![.%X##J]A8;S*

M:(TY% :\8VB*D5IL#??W2X)BK(]^V1/G 6M
MJV^@?;XR[ [E'E=ZE0'&OI!66G5Q


M'7&C


M4!ZZ:GWPD:+UE
'!P#71P7_GZ+6VX3\(]U*UMK72H5E(#B_6K9-;#Z_7/432








MU41!N*I$I^)M*:D

M






MK.YH





:6L
MWC+&P9\3:45T5R( F&!3TDKMR14







0Z


M)=:6Z\FR3!DY6)2X





O8S%'NYTY@&<R%84_0



M@M5GXM#)=R#(

S:]BUO#0=:!
MY

M=.P 3];2HS@?\8V&);A.+&KVXBC8& 3JHNH!:0'A&(2P-@NK7M
XBP(%

MZ[OFU\@F

/8=4L= 2^H%+W

M?0++'=J#7%*&&B]^*WT?TUZE1&
++IE#M(9@4?T@+1QUI3=X#;V.@2!9'LE8

L74%Q#-P2!R@IDW3Q5UDH .ANVP)V-OU?E7D?M#CNJIOVP


A
N8K

7T$FSN0%_@F;FYJE'
MUE[I\:


#X-)XL#:PCOLSN*;+ G@
&N&CT86Z8Q/D4?F(HVS2
M@946JRGU*Z;')=Q

XR[L'][)HY;ZBC;D






M=L^-3@\*6[5ZU&PQ$ ' &?9UP&:.@86[]$]B+I_XJCQB#0T0N9AIS%J$-B




^/W



JG:A
MG(&$58)%]-
]'IEC[


GP@XO3M4-CI12/P7:'*M^


MEM561EJOU^@(JK0$60MIEB;RAE.G?M:5G%UZN1L4\KXQ&G9JHJNDZ,EEY!O
M6P78:=&25D*%M&Q?Q=B)TU($WH?04N5HV6A%VFDYD)0ZJA91JF45;?(=8W3
M\FP=R..0LT2%W.#4R-GC=&++*NI.:TUF@Y:MJL [.5IJG)BWK&+OY&@)]%
3

MK+-&\.2%K\Z*MI/GG#:4LIT\A[6AANWD.;$-Q6MG1L3C5*V=NCBWHESMU#FQ
MP3JU;:3*[W[17E(=I=KBW/CM6)5IYT;'H^0@SXR(QZE%.WDBMJ$([;1]F994
M3)TV)S92*G7:/DQ+:J3.@

/Q)NXYM(W';LME3L_



W,$('JL.]*<X#D*GM79Z0)X-CF?1VO*R!E50#'
M0+0Z ]PV1(]7YQCSKIR;VZ@3TP9392&F..@1,&VR8OG:(%&59K ](AE?:&<


MM=?RUQH1!NI *TZ$*\






=^;FWHEGI0'!14P$3'
M'[U/]M1Q%_3S YG

^.8F.YDX!O'

M'[#:#KR.(L'PD ;#C5+E.%TI

M0NAR
7$L2U]ZY*T4?7J5C((#N-'3E/80OU_HECD#T'QGF=R*Y*&W&VN#J0J



M(3ZS(!;2)Q

]0S\@($SAFP0(\)+EA8 [I*_ Q.#*8!=GS%-#L'80O\*@54L
M532DAT!P08



M


M(U %C

M1TI?+FN-*L5$E:M )?(#4.9BJ%%WX 6)D\*]'8.63M\^WD2&7_!.JA2_0163

FU-JF

M;\Q)N:X*W#'$WQR G1KH@2M%\- G1O'-4%Q@N$,T]HF,VG^'((,EO&[ZX$
M[DWL.F!B&.^)%B



M#E@TCA:UK[X#L=T8# &[@F_#+8KA^2OV4 @4(I?]1DF93V8LTX27;+T9W0]
M_^-&SD

8()X#HSGXB^K.^0F/+O\H#
M=%

M_]: G8^M=W4+?2=O7KG5NI4VA'-:V(86X-*9%X9D\=P/^Z2Q7KIRU!\^!%

&XLGT
MH@ NM1*'[QP3

]H*R&B6]!(*'P#W!T%






MG!'@MQ9\(5OG/+OM!__

AT9BP=1V*\
WGEA2!4%KA@ZAC&4%^U8C5A@8^K
MXRRT!'OIX8A7
['[ 



M+' &HMR^Z27UV2NZ0]NM



*E$A:M:
M3(PF!-A*X'D&SMWF*YX1.-,+!UTO2&-5U12HQ&/M/E]I^.;T=$79XP5VGXQ
MO:_7%_\U





FKOY8SC

MUM.ME=@N

Y+*U+LT&IB97TF8[N(G-CP=M
SI/8




ME 1GH:6+#M&C-DBWDY[ S A&JIY%C#D_ID)%W)3*&XD.JR*(ED0P5$QJ8^
C
M.-C]]


)^




M+W$K9+14@QXM


@/
X45GO*0+L/QHN
4#-+CGR=N.$0UFL1=S-FFX?T

7#NJRIY3QWHE5QT(O8E1%[ --=&GBB-9:*K96I$[;[
M
=1UV&C*S^NI3Z-


UH


MP[+(&$#.ZXFPW^'X%'9XTO39Q_FYB)R?A6
0BX[''
)HM TL4[@M-LL[6:HH
ME#0/Q2OS-7/LU9UFV^U5-;1A6.#210_V4I=NV=*S#W1

M %V




MON\LM@438[ Q


F!N
M,)8[&W^ORKV.VAUV5$W[H4
VZ7Q]($LFD5
BTS]:'.2Z8%^DWYV'
/+)5DD

W9HZ-^1U'ZNV'.&;D 1[
M/



]7V%M
MUWLND 5R/=5D[
ZV[]L^V8WGBK(;9;WR?3
 :Q9GO-V-8SFPNR]E3]KP?!D
MZ32HF4Y[N,7[YT_*4&^
/WC^OKCQYN;N$@K]LY+V:3-R K=E@EIW6]A!0

MHT%G-.B=R!0*=CDVNPSECBS+K67BE(7SWDYPJJ]DKJ\G)S9?*&05VRYCVM

2*2VTYD ]-!C$-UJ
:+$K?-*]A#P&J

TF




%


N\NWFLV
MJ5*@^+$(+/UNMS
+3I:QPH+UQ2UBH*YUJ$5RF(
.!5*B9?*0[%NT5Q6



?B05WL:<R87O&1F^XU2,:;!U8;JS 6H4###NA
M%:.GH(6WI@RGIR](9/KH\-9JS39FGHB*W;K



1M1S-FQ'+[V^U&3@3]?\
M2FA?5Q)2?@'2@




4):4/?[&3LT
M\Q!@9_

;H;0!\W/V#38?5YXE A^6R#:OJL;4=8YZA5O

M
&&TB7
.%)0HP@T)'69)HC;]*;[_#(;HB!K
!@6?#\ ]L;.9:])M$YB[/:


MF

$+=
M$)_61Q-HWWQBAR?_I;S



M4FU




E68=X3;T<)%O2$R?LYYZ%L[ZF]3?CU)1BS_+=6?S&
M:\(EQ,!@ AS0:)3GV9F U%YT8H/1B4HQHPJA]: R7*]GTLG*0*DY$2SS8N*[
M!N*/<_1:!4XI_IQ$O(J^.!EX?1,@ LL%?E+8']4X9V&^-U6T3@_71[F7G










!Z:)GR91[8<L!4LW#:NE)FNL):

@


M'25[^'.Z**T\T]D/436X]LAZKT+WLO.^LA-Y7UP#WVSPY]QV0./
%E0:9.

?BKHR)6.?P 5W
MQ2/<@52LC4X*-#K$-* ==IVDG^Y:AYVXA4XY$%XK[&0GYF]9Z*BYU-/X51^[
M*T^Z@7$[TJ]WF8<]77G4%XS=%#\Y^*@3U[$7!F4M*1$ &$5/1 &QN@!J'U-


#03)2#(


G
^*#


3
%
QT4(


IU\4B9V:




7BM
+J9

?$U






M(;!6&! $+N

M 4\MI


MDUC@!


M

=





H51F9M=%&PL8(&]-B&Z
-.[U^5OI2

M#^NDS3)NDO






M8.P^;

MJJE?+W7PAENGZ&K[).W3VF?9D!P._5ZF(14QR2:WBA]N+6.W'D3XCE?:T'+
M[Y52!3)(GK9O9ZL+.==]=WN




M[CP-GLY0W1QPG7^5;L60/:G3F


VTA




7Q\



%KHG


0

S^






M
@B#(SS@..9!)3R
?

(/=P1$
MY&1O 5A4 0(D%3-*%8+?/M'W$07SHG'VD#*:+9(1&67;2$B$_7@%^6 _(2!L
M6NIIMB=


F6$-G+$-+E('[N


M0I
:
C:

=L^/UTH4)UXAGQ)SRN9MY22
MN4#2\H2H)OD:#MRK9PQ 2[ 0O#+BV[Y7(5WTCE)ZR_/2F@B+\]MOO;)D\_H



0


MLCS.]
@2#63
06;N(G 4B*T'WG)#UIEALPT6Q+F)#
9PF$9'Y %VW'N/&KID







9.&0$BL-/+[(UYMW+[#\WYLX



MS6;)X!BPY 'G


Q3^FE;)[5;?]T=7'S
M-ONU\]


[C.29 GX




CU+:9VU^8G_YPB9  @T!\B
M9UH5]52S^


MUG)%




UFEV
8&J13W2/B'5U*96J1GXXO:^'@O3V2@:YYT!TH
MNY9V'9M:)).(C@\?A _,$( A $, A@ , 325 -8PNTPMDJEKV,K5P^#.X,[@
MSM0B;?=7H%7VM0B-0C

MZYYL_S#








ZIX/ZNJ^
M8V3Q(5.%5+0KDSS?C#;;I@JB80=IREC



1




MP F&GN




;R6H:X ^=?HLP,\AP5#J FR5;
ME7GO[RRQ?@OCV)JRR)JL

M





MEHB&'89 AX@_P60!:0;46)A&:DO:XC*#Q]AYW_2,!:$?*SG[IX(FSH /22

ZL


JUQI[R& *REC42C=-^*^J[R!:NH\S



.R5*( 




M6B$E)D_G7IBC
YO



6UC+X:XR-8[WD

MB^'S4(#0XW^RX7V\
K#





M(A)CBYK$*7*++!TG 6' ^^6A/=3J]// 4.$:G=ZYW3T[EPQ



\QHF''?F%$HQA5Y

MY$GOM&TXTG!D91RI?20_WJ1'/7RUN$\] :AD@ F*):?OB$# 7XEGK[P8D&_]
MCSE1%G(B_R_Z6X=A&L7$
H
T]@(6QWHR!SI*M4#9
$O/()[V@I$/  R!1;*

O99@@CASMTA



 Y($W'



MG+7;&^XMN$M&RI
%3]1_2-WV:?_\YQ^?!F5#H#?%_I/#T60
Z0
-7/KB?/\
M\NBS-BP)8&0@];5OO//@P0B'
0'G5XSM3VG$5'1_^/WJQ9LV7&_:7:5C5 6






G\+3\DFYXA#
MA@8]F;B &Q%\G?S&O9LL#;-36H\





MZE8VJP@+@-(Y8&%Q1+]*HPX)P?NSP[A-AZH-1WX!D-HDA(-44*X


+-5B$6L&$9F;[WNC##!<JV5]&&4%8+%R0\#:K8B/
*=WAL-A&J'6

MBLB0\?;
:


/T\@@W]<8$T?W4 D
MNT818T=9

-]OT']T
QR&Z1T-R



M9:D1U2@




H+1_V
MXTT$2_&3\ (-%A[T$\\
&*Q



G@C]M 9I DYH@8
6]OH5UP=%3.GRM_+
MJ3SE*0+

M
 F6 @E.-]X47H96[)U2NV$-

MH3!OP[O(F6!S)*SGLAB/(*
7  #CRP1*@[



@.OZ%!@V2.+UY O/R0\/81



A0W'+\6





)2WK(Q9I4B_4@++:

M 7WD);S

MR/.GR9J191 \0OU7@@:/:+M6AL!F@Q]5K!2R%L

M2H%




9%4,)DJ7K5F!EY7;!8^Y]X<D
MNOA9WJ(43L;[/'R7\72:F=*%48 <K<Z)=9
IQCEPJ5D.=]\UJ*0MYFX5:MO



M]OTA)YH0 +


Y/LA;



M9#X[MWO]KFB+W[5[G?.L81GEL5H\9^77-&#9U#;Z-D\PR;LA^(^-[R:V7\&K


ML\]=T=4:D^@'+'E .N06.8U1H!701


:L
E7G@6(^JKZ\BL&4M


MX



J.KE]

MIHJF8C!OP_5H#-&6W5&FZ*M
+S/ =;:DNA1F+93I=[2M





MDH'S2/.G50BQ#!DD Q.]&4;
%;-^O([IGT/NR,5Q]I#_[FW?%N.BAN8$OZ

M
U)FUR589GJ
F1[S#



ZT6-LO=WYM3=5
_S33/\WT3]MB_[21
MZ9\VZZ0T_=-
_[1]]M.;5FDUMDJ;M50U@S([S^R4YNIV?OXQC8_N'&?Z^B9O



3RC*=O79*%EE4N;JD%:9A)M!=EH%$LUXAAK&
^1*

VP:G3:@!




!@PK'%@H)?FCB6Z&[SLMH_M
M;N_,[O;[KU9PC_5(PU5QP)LPPDUF05$(5K2\(YMH/9.RL[;7;_TGSV:L6 JY
M;RXD7O:.6^W-L+#)ZU_]RYQ 8T^@(KFA<'N-&F 3'' WUZXL#<EB[B<N!)R


M475/6IW^[LEJ;_'7:9WL'GO/49W^

R

M?%AG82[/ZXB615Q]7(*G*R&/8R(/-TP'?GGHGURQ%HIK-^':9XZB
4=1P/ZK



M72POJR.*!39X0UBY#N@J)ISEN6GEB&@Q


MH:'MGU;_]

OYJMQ U ?*&64];4'SK1Z-7!*[2


M@3)@;F3]T+%!SMO=\V-]MJGH1(/-U2^MT^/V4:=]U.U;GP2E9--H'-[7.2A)
]^H*3O@M!P4

M(Y:D48=A7%4HXG$?.\IBR@+SS*R8)\$(H^V:@\BT@J'
@)W)0JX5%SZ0RH






MZK#

9S0.$Y8H.T)IJS0S()K61-C0 $D?/(-F!

)PT*RO7E@_AT9D#[G6S#X3!*F9N_&!4JS9#@
M:G/7AM/J;O*Q GAX2S:+UX37&Z?SMU*MA47F;549TSEUJAZVW.70.5'X



M9$



M

MN#/]^=;6')M:_Z8_W_ZUA3
2??U3)P-@;]
MZG\JZ<ZZ&WX/-W- OZ]]A['7@^6,I1REY8/P) /__X?1#YWFO\-_SZ_P%0
M2P,$%     @ ]X,\34Q[K/9 #P  %*X  !$   !N9W1F+3(P,3@P-C,P+GAS
M9.U=;7/B.!+^?%=U_\%'U=7MU14!DGG)9)/=(B&993<SY$)F9W:^; E;@':,
MQ$AV OOK3Y)M_)9-B0Y- ?YD#)2=ZN?;DE6MX0X_7$Q\YU[2!DB^*S1.6@W
M'(A=XB$\.6M\&#:[PXM^O^'\^
/?_NKPO]._-YO.%8*^=^+TB-OLXS'YWGD/

M:=





6)VIR*DB1N^*K







TG80]^PBPYT2RG(RPTU913$9XR* WP#_(YSF%


M?DPE.F3LI#)WW8-92U]
 9Y UL?#@+A?!#5?;O/W+7)1$'FM-K794R\+GLH[

I



ML]%?JDOS1

MW+B0Y0AA3BIMY_U0GO19


M1'RJ)G3B8K


]=
M=?KG4(F%2]

M$'OA(Z4+V!R Z)09K:W$DLGW'L3%Y,4^;5/OM!HY

MM2C-#E%YAHYC-A3.^^H0J:9#


MK\H8[OU3TS^YJ:PVM=E;2JA?TUO[V:T\T9L?3N7U9L^H^^?Z5.]^^%0Y(C]N
M*LG


MK#IPX4[7'\TK+OFT08_-24/X'K) R#M:QR 9MOBYF8K82!$
D
O6=DS*%3T^
MUB4
N4):9QT=$A[QT$R9-VL_F-/UN\2*2SX]9E)E-%A_/DV8HKF4?RK7(+[N

M7
)Y873(K.%$2[KHRNR3()'1#^!
4'* /&3CJZ=04+^E))R?-2)QB).8%/_
2



=2;5(L.V




M$HN+5:XP6TRQ[1*$*[/9@/8LONI%/]5T]D 1_R6IA?Z\B#8ZBMQRNU/KKU

MC)-+A7BO*2ZBJHAL[5HEHWJ X3LH


%ZSWRPE7@(89-'HJ1Q#Y$





;UU4(HWC)<N2RK(M@CLM!7=!L@?_PM02P,$%     @
M]X,\3:;[VOUN#@  XK4  !4   !N9W1F+3(P,3@P-C,P7V-A;YX;6SM75]O
MVS@2?S_@O@
OB\/N/3BVD[;;9MM;.$E3!

MCY1E6Q+_C6);9(#K0YNXG/'


8UQRBCYM$?9WJ___.M?D/CS\6^]'CI+2!H?H5
6

UY

MIE/

M[-8%*G7/KDA$DCF^E6SM8IDIMN_U9UG.IH071J YT ':J;8NY#F=BV]A'##Y
4?FTW#=MY.E8)R#<RNK2)X'6KN(X3$P0\4YC^DW;P'ZST^AN

 #)34
*EI@'M4FE-K!58[H9W*%+=GT$C$SEO03

MB
MQ;.0U0Q.?10

MO?


M.BLV:ALO ZAH06A])ZY@X.& [#2DP:T;B-]W93^G:*4-T::+ZB1%9Z\R0O

#SN#ANHZ]EH%7-C_VFEA?B]R#V



J#D4Q_FNWNB)4Q:)8-[SD93QO/DOWAQL&/Y
-G:+ZAM$)3^44%3E^-2

DN#;;@S'P75S9_$EN9ZI7 +7Y5'\(SCIJWZ69
M'8#LNOH@L+5:0WK-[0



I

-S4IF4DM*NS0
MFA]:





M'D@P0067XEV @@]J;


M*%'8F/ET++\YG;#!H89E:U+1M4YJ=F%31EW*ZG*
CG58]EC8!%=]I*H8UE7
MF85%V$,E4J_SBX[%=20:YJ?X4(G0@&RC5*XK=U3/.E@UZ[AHP1O=^[1]4
-


[
MN?%!XR*[O9X]/*36QL36C'QO&P&P?*%Q MT;
BQUK(Y062M8UCH!N


MNAANM@


5$?E*AH  /65 0 5    ;F=T9BTR
#$X
#8S
%]D



G/^)V'

7(H%U'\Z24.



MF=GJ&@P8?^
26J



M@BC9HT7W%F7V*A5LW^[5PW9]/'6#FD:7I358S)^T.T73!T1JFIL7W;ZM;AC6





QU?%V
#$


ML%T^B 38YZLW\Z\O






M_;&699:OI77L6JR7JBP'Y&
1R$(9 Y%1YZSU.6N%&K!5YC;+(3@I(N BSDI&






M%G

G//+7%*/P6JYXG+&
ME]PN&-_HA0+GD\N97_*]8+2CUWSE)'
Y-&5G+(PD-$.29J'+82D/6ZL[T0






BQ6M*&G(20D:
M/I;:VW87!LVXKUWC#;4_B&-




M&_XO[:W$';50:-C3?0VBL

M
ARL_


\#]9Y?XY]2QB*?B
M\4L]8'5QD)5W_0JSY8K7C:=6RIH9IJ]NE*!BK=\4KUIW5OI2YOSHW7&Y;_3
M-T_X_L)3F

)(FEML35/\DZOG:?8L9CR8C%


MLGO 



[-[4Y;17M(







:N#ZY





M*V=D76JH.YFB 4(*:$'/83;X/@O=.!Z
?G









M%(2[3*
0DYUS-*5&.#_;5N
-G MTF;82#H7)#1NHRDPYU^ K(]5]THI@(.;


S(OA8NBY! 



MV(TMQFK Q/N-Z^BP8/-Q$RZ+J0#K5IIMNXZR=LJVP%:5-;
[N4&]P\19OD]Y
M


MG0/0SM2V


Z5Z5AU5]L/A@I&





0BO6(=ZRW+]EN=\J2ZNWZG2V^OA? 2+4

]==DJY

P



M@L=[?!'1V%RZN%Q;D1E?)B9'0J1:W5CGWTQQ;+
OW&([T'JI^H4[#A&_4B1




 V++

M2P
$%     @ ]X

3@P-C
P7VQA

M)B@25:*;1=;R(77M7W](\$T\+*J@-0ZPK/JJDS4!^!#(@$D$O_R?[ZN(_)
MTRQ



_?#IY]W7)4)][.?L*




M3;-PO8D %/_L.:5+.9@H3=^#_ON8KEB/!_!#W\



\JS\Y
MAD^.3SY4YOL?JH]_.TO8S!'G*9\M[L/LR^GVD?WFXFN8U3_'Z_KG;XPTW@]K
)!?LLGR S95=V0<X&?0C*;#U6TX FMAPJ4)%]^3




MXK)FR7K-5OJPJ-?;
%'.[JZY F9_KWP@A(8W*F3BOCC($2Z(@Q^+( AAYO:B
M.R\


M&-/@PDOC

M/&7TKP5


L
M,$$G;CPR<=+*$Z9PZ.0V\54;Y/$%*YWZL6LT8'#<B&1(9'10 Q.V:T2



_N@8.V@

MA:




GW


J%O= C
!W-CRT\CAX9 92
MW
H +9=


KK.)Q:N7
M!I K47
F


ZB)04[6K

T
M5GU\ ZSZ:
JCV^ 59\FL^H3%E9]FL:J3V^ 59\,6/7IT*N4\\0OM_OCX+.
<
FHITR*-:E3M4I3+I


M4@HY-/P7:YJN&)+/:?*:/T




$ 2+F9!3).N[FT36JKH)SW?%2F$
&](1044&&3
F)*@\.


8/U
N2F 97658(9_T&\G99

M


M-DT:)5)J.2327?$4A?YEE'C#

MU




MC!@AR-HGA@*NR(^!(#*:R-&I3B0]KO



MSW?0183GCBDR@[W!$C3W(ONC9UJU57$: 0Q




M:
'9S8V'FFZ/DW2
M-'D-XY5JRT(J:35L10VU%Z4BBJ&ADAJ;$(,DL<Y$R5/C2P.RIP7]#&Y73([


MI+WR0+P

MPN J/O
V(7
85+N1*FFK.[QZR+W]7;DH&H;K\8DK@%J:L3L
2!@3OU3 P:5[
MFGMA3(
++XUA:;SP_6)=\/WG\])T*YK!1-$FP\PKTB7;N!8:WAE#E1POU(+U

M/)3[Y\C.3^7$XB#
68C(S

M*Z=?1YG[;/UEQ3DF.B[JP/S+)#U/BJ=\641B[/_(2?RT
JSZ;G.JU_/HIA2



MJ]30D-




9-#Q2 !LRIBM&0 X'/P2'T-1Q=.R&
M&[G?N ZC5?#DI\\)4L^[J46YP7=&^M:B6=D$:$*J5-*X:4. ) (74)^ZJ\
MZE/1)XF1T.8JSBEKG)S-L^?T*:^&P.@.HE[)[D:B207Z^XDZ#33SEQ%

M7):IKDA5 ZC
2)5[DB[()($J8U!'#!UM1&SB3G0I6=.%')




_D7A L]R+L)DJ1-BS)?#U^(
M-*^WQLX E#F4]6J6-UE-P#?VV_7R*
QB@8@A3WXC@K0[;1-O736IEZZQ)1Z
MB=OZL1VMOHSU;-_:G:RN !KNR%#)%X:5$(RW1Q
MA_T]52*FZ=(AK0 ELD

M89D:







_+^(M3L$T0L8*(5Y=DEX+E
M

ME


+04/F


MAWG%K'ALSL41IGJ(YB4C6:D[+EXDF^YDY8
ZA($&;\.0I'@3D3 ]KMAN/H

MV$T\XNWRS



M(/L4_H8C!U*P7X'T+VUR1^(UOX1DN-8[*[=+[D

M


:[G
M+FN1IAKJU$42)31$-$4ZEL2HMQU57CRE2YJF0
TZ*1)9[B%-MR(0JQU0DH$D



T.ZB&

MH@0KH2 ((DM#;1X+L'
P =8HC]VB.] E+)Z&6Q;]*3LEAB5THXN:NLUK%+L&



Q[#!@.H=X=(T1Q:#9M$
M

]



I:BV 9@1L
M$T&CD
-BR PPJFU8GNR5%ON?'[OO9AM.D:**JUE2!5XU40[EL5!L E;M=)F6
M.CPWZ99XI7'P3GS+9Z=]XBP;M[MMFGW)O:AU;B5^];J@CRM.W$U&/;BX;*

H_
\


M4
3Y&-$TZ
(A I@E3E]HFV!1R1I^8I&C;;;JF7_GUV*L)4*]. 3^A2RCXU




M:G'0[!CPMUC' KG


7UZLGV@0T


M6?


1NZZ $U!0#-ZW)Q\+FZX@G/=[#1Z1OD:=4H6
VU-PJ\EV1/
M*8V&;Z
0%;=S84%7:Z SEP_A*@Z9I^_%N5B_
1-IJFSUT&52A7IG+D:::.@X


*5X;L/TKF)&SZ(





M+EFE-5U*8;2\&C-9D



MX[0RG+-Y1^RA$B#]'F]LG#0N1UJV3W=)D [0[D*O1\JW173-7=W#$PJY3\

M#G
[2=8%IV?L(%BOZ^3(W:0ZTJ-WG2*VU%30+_9$_DF/XJ9E52+.TE88V +
M5;+8V#:\X!):O:4;3[@M\XSGC8V






R
M[@!:\XZ5W\F8%_.


M7=+3WM(EJ5YM;ZZ3=;.=5+E.'G4O)4U7M_=F^_1*M4^VF^LZ)]Y
P+H\-[C2
MW+0C2LSE

M/E5CCB1Y]=+4V\-AFL)H_E(5K[.


+$61

X]M@\\B&SAQ] .)#V

M

MK!Z*++Q(M]T\LR![(0F[5+0-3)A3BG-.[@Q=LR?8*:UW6[@JCWQ;E4B^TS'X

M#Y





M@??QO14S)IY
CPJCQ
M1QQLA/L_;4ZG2\^GBS5LS2J:1RUN.P&V#O0P[9,%@WC1@#N@6I_.MNVT^Q
MMX9$C'^CP:+\HTF0^Y379:9EZM)'R_;=MI+L=;V]O;8
UVX![*=$[O/5=$

&G\G;B4_OL@-\^.[#$].S 79KXE ;9)6.4@1N@%K=I?\=



&)E]DL85KY3PMS1

&8QV%W#!
MG-)8


Q5G8A#

M3CH%=X=;
N#JXZVN-!I:C4)4[:V6)FH-N_7@-0:01@MR#6(DV%7
D-$LA]P@

WK
I E+2E7\F.(7]DOY)!(JBV
MCE5VJ+LT].EC&JY6PNV*O97JCMZSFT!-^

-CZD'*LW-OF^D.VF:6AVMXC%1[VL!0%/:&AH2^!D(X




L
47





M#

M*-J8CL7 /S/XG9 _O8)SEDU!N2NGX/.ZR /QJUU8M. ND_2LAB:MJ:Q)9A9D


MFZ=:+8N#5^


M%W^Y3KQ8=8NF\[U-^@BPNFQIOD1#CB$B



M[8A-K5[/V:JZ9Q$L^*9ZM


M:9+7LC#BEZ6155U44%\B=$-2&#
S6J)4PT+&;B5

5YYJB;PF#&6.FK
YZ\^WB



'*'Y^HXOUEP
MZF4T:()MF=^^ 





M^J'WHV]\D$H:\


M7VG 8077(4];PK7(KUP/U_87AW@=QO0JI\HC5X6L@^TK.5S)]E1?$ V?=.B$


#%M!P <9
M 7$E5N-5NLV?%=L-8TIX0@NF0S:U&CR^VBAEAOWN*YDZM?\Z6F^F V68Y_7@



T3V7R?5:$*8T+\]O;RG$23O
MN//2?/O820U_NNU]8W3*/*DL-^?/


MU=K)P

I6X=V(P 4(W!$

7W2R3 .H^5


6.6G#A55

:%+[N$OC4





Y*KU
MG\4S5D?#V.F8ATR]$5P$XH/:<:V'E+;&2TATR\*92STTRS?S4Z._PY6944V
M?DQKST6=




M*%GU(HTJT/

M?4(T5;9)K6D5ZO+
3!





MCLEK]?N

1Q 0Q;^/(;INP4'I
R%E\;LU[

R5P=1/-(Q MO%5'^%#M;'(L]H9+!TPFC(5;J2!+:N$C<GU]]LYI%]S3







M$:$)U_!\/RWXJUN]&8JZ

M5!E?7T]$/F(78?;:P.P%S@3O_J JGP0%CWG%YV'

MEOL
A-)8[:=+I7 UN@[B'.\[I6REQ3]\?696$BX'4V8_V8R7%4\0[@M/AI$@
M*=BX\IZ2 NY


M%:
_D&^][Z P]LMP 


IU.X!
&D 
.]QGKN:)#&3S9MK(Y*I1


*P66E




M
*99]DN2?H$]2F\3PM


M #?M\(=^AP_[FA.@#HSC)YD8._V1INNIG0TZ;ZJ3.X#W.9HA%9V3/OTI9BX+

I!]5[*!



 S]G;ZQWZM?9]P_;'W



SZNDX9RIFDG].DVC.'R4RN+I##7#8![4D


TR_^C8*8:HC\OP\SWHO]BZ%6=K!5'


M$0=5E-;6-'AMA[)P=?'N%5&DB.(AKFV1/-J5L$))72JIB^UX-^[(\6]%3!]?
MD\?GI
B\.&! +_CS.C16
&!


MK

-W@+T07CL02+

MQT^0X[_-JP?G?RM^O8+'@



MWJAWQG1P#A(]5

MHS



*#!Z?:G


S8$M?<82##_Y'IYPC
M4I9$)$[G6WN*8D=U8

6E'F
@C&D9&
M
&477;D2Z21?0]!'$)E4O1IS63^6).23DW66D2*B7IN&5QK U:1Q: KHGZ&4


MZ]\3EMF@/12+:+K:9VV$Y]7KLDGKO!/0(/WRCXB7D^HG2/
;0R6^7^B[\RK/



M;Y9T]AO;

M92X  
WS @ 5    ;F=T9BTR
#$X
#8S



S^
M^N;SS=O)S='9V1LOR_TD].




6O)0=WW
V%1HOU./M1CFR\)\AM/GB05A+

'Z
MSQW=^\F
96?)39X&O\G68B8_9M
HB'(;4Z[]()UY&?WIW'Z-!0G2X'9^^8
M90&/'J0R7$X/BRQ*6&9EP$@TOH5\[G/%Y?3FVB61 )M7TR@09 68@9-9E=
M;D'$K&-VZV5P)CZEXA

M+(HY4*+JUN








A4BK89
<=!9#E*?)IE 5^_#_
MYR=)*'
+U(#H6P


C&)):8R@@I#;-

6GF59

M9;12E7!L/'+54$!A(;CY-@L!$9VKXBZ.@M

(&KM#JW,ER^+LEAU+V-;GOV)EDFY&MGI-T.ZR+62:Y-$]-P,MP4.!0:
MRY42DJG.=KUK%G*A@TK-) 0[X'(.9P^9^3WXOHT8_%4+-)?N1SOAS8!E&




MW9'W!0PF1JH=?.6(?9EIL*[/N^+&$0*-/ J,Y[5+[HISOM5C?'NTONB8^9


 $J%AAGV.0P8X -D?
M[01D2^!VY=RC%B9BNX;LM(1B--HA1R]S4G%+ XM)&)8';'Y\Y4?A67+D/T2Y









MDP*-.70UUN4@Y7CM
T%.B



EV
M$1LU)[7@


MJ6S[T7'IN)OC)]D_E%4KQ0AXCG\RY9!@U#^K:'SSLL((2!S:912EEE:I;

M%^Q5E5'+'-+JX].4K\+6+98*[P8[ZMC-B%W%0VBB[0Z]GKRX#;3:?K CEK?%

99@GH!Q1NF'6X,6/1)YF+F5('*0^:)6^D5&^GZ-\OOJ(YG??,K\O#]



M*;A5086[OLD!7?'T

#T9$PP:


M(#

!8F)T*66R.)6MO:.@A!IB1ZMM 4^G! U,3I1A-9=5,-&@Q[N-
M#2]R@O7[




MQU-Z+Z$


MX0I7$?IC+3U*UT9/Y)Q@@8\9%-E2ZC@QTM(=91B:F&(TJGJ*G!3#E)XG::;
M[%9#*S#'Z#9!*LN@]KBD(KXEW7-6 9 H-L6G.*##H*.3QHX7*1)()B1 6Y9

XO6EHSPDTQG_M\<3F]B69)))8G



BQ8NN,)VJS^] VNY+$6]$,Z#?6QV(Y
M/U(W'=*)K?^2;?;HR&@QWH!=9U-(YL#)W4@JKDAK;&N[/M[;65?$7HU2LQ@
MB]4@ *N(LC'B\B'K6&07:2[F1.Z'3/@O9699;9@;R0-6DY[=(2\N!@1;J\I6




M+=2*_T/WDFM%Z6U(

















.@6^[+U*X?-MU?=MU


[;OL* TJ-#.A'KC!&*+XO5A+6';N
?LI)LV
KT)




\B%A-

LGM9\V@U4)P@!;HZM#80RVL5]3ZB\\:1


MJ#E)E!?FF6C\B:?%@W:*DTV5+;%G-;V^U$_Y#$R.%6*[F3^OQ)BC+)

MJM8I^#1H!S6B([O7HA2W3^GP2E'K%%I^=;2JG2
J14=VNQ^GLO8!;P*6^#Q*
M+1MZ=7

M1#S+_ZL0#H?












7#

M




M0

MK M?ZV\L+




JD

BL$=<SA,]<^W^_I
M=_SABX+ICOZT:
&3W/6#K*)$320<$Z:Z8&AL II%H,RY
MGZJVJ+F!O:$R,(1I-_4$Q7[VT^P!-5-O3#M28J&/:U&=O(L[ZLM0<G*QJB9
M=-M:E(']@:-M



JH%^(X3YZ5/V$K2=ANA'T3-*)%



6+6CQE+4#YHM!
 $:3


LB?)*T
M@S=)7BT:0P??N]TP4H@8K!V1PJVVV'.






)!Y9







M

M&KW3XO)4%HPF\[IWVQ




D?7+D6+ 8B1T!E

MTE%


WI)4W7EE

M-N6'O;;WM:'V*G(2SE:;)[NSI:? C'QH#LH6


.;DXE38OXO?
@2E:
M@EW'9L

\

C Q.# V
S N

\34Q[K/9 #P  %*X  !$              ( !
M?JT  &YG=&8M
C Q.# V

\3:;[VOUN#@
MXK4  !4              ( ![;P  &YG=&8M
C Q.# V
S!?8V%L+GAM;%!+

5$?E*AH  /65 0 5                8[+  !N
M9W1F+3(P,3@P-C,P7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% 

I=&8M
C Q.# V

