

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-15-007382
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150930
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150930
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		151133852
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-888-6444
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591









     








Washington
 D.C. 20549







        ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
        
June
        30
 2015
        
        
        

        TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
        

        to __________



Commission
File Number

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS
 INC.

in its charter)&nbsp;



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


        
Tarrytown
 New York
    
    

    
    
    




 including
area code)&nbsp;


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744; No &#9746;


is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes &#9744; No &#9746;


(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes  &#9746; No &#9744;


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#9746; No &#9744;


of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will
not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;&nbsp;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes &#9744; No &#9746;


non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or
the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of December 31
 2014: 1
263
248.

As
of September 30
 2015
 the issuer had 26
812
588 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 par value $0.001 per share.




    
    




    

    

    
    
    


        

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


        

    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    




    
    






Certain statements made in this Annual
Report involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
competitive and market conditions
 technological developments related to business support services and outsourced business processes
and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our
control.

Although
we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate
and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this prospectus will prove to be accurate.
In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the
current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person
that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings
&ldquo;Business
&rdquo;and &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;




 Inc. (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;us&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;NightFood&rdquo;) is a Nevada corporation organized on October 16
 2013 to
acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation (the &ldquo;Subsidiary&rdquo;) from
its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson. All of our operations are conducted by the Subsidiary. We are in the business of manufacturing
marketing and distributing snacks specially formulated and promoted for evening consumption. A large number of Americans consume
nighttime snacks that are high in sugar
 fat
 and calories; such snacks can impair sleep and also impair health in general. Management
believes that our products are unique in the food industry and that there is a substantial market for our products. We are in the
process of establishing distribution channels for these products. Our offices are located at 520 White Plains Road &ndash; Suite
500
 Tarrytown
 New York 10591 and our telephone number is 888-888-6444. We maintain a web site at www.nightfood.com. Any information
that may appear on our web site should not be deemed to be a part of this report.




to establish a market within the functional food industry by offering a line of snack foods that are appropriate for evening consumption.
Based on available figures for 2013 published by SymphonyIRI Group
 American consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on snacks
consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. A majority of adults are trying to eat foods and snacks that they understand
will prevent or manage health problems and 37% of consumers are willing to pay more for foods with perceived health benefits. Moreover
industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime snack choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered
high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo; options
 such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips &amp; popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.

Our Products
 Present and Proposed


available ingredients and a proprietary combination of other components in a proprietary process. NightFood bars are currently
merchandised in a 6-pack. At retail
 they are typically merchandised open
 so the consumer can purchase an individual bar
 or an
entire box of 6. The SRP on an individual bar is $2.49. NightFood&reg; is the first product positioned as a healthier and better
alternative to other convenient nighttime snack options. Compared to the existing popular options
 each 140 calorie NightFood&reg;
bar is specially formulated to satisfy late-night cravings
 tackle nighttime hunger
 on fewer calories
 and with a healthier
 more
sleep-friendly nutritional profile. We believe that NightFood&reg; bars are an optimal after-dinner snack in terms of composition
and calories. In addition
 the bars contain a clinically proven bioactive ingredient called Chocamine&reg; (a patented natural
cocoa extract that is believed to promote satiety and craving satisfaction
 while also providing the health and relaxation benefits
of chocolate without the caffeine
 fat
 calories
 and sugars).



    
    




bar and our available resources
 we intend to consider expanding our product line to include formulations with and without sleep
aiding bioactive ingredients
 nighttime snack products specifically for children
 and snacks in different food formats such as
cookies
 chips
 ice cream
 etc.




producing our products. These include Noble Foods for product manufacture
 Empress Label and Stuart Packaging for our packaging
and ShipRight Solutions for our warehousing and fulfillment. We consider our relations with each of these suppliers to be good.
We also believe that the nature of the market for these services ensures that if we were required to find an alternate supplier
for any of these services
 we could do so on similar terms.




many GNC locations across the country. We believe the bars are in approximately 1
300 GNC stores. In our previous filings
 we
indicated the number of GNC locations to be approximately 700. The new estimate of 1
300 stores does not represent an expansion
but rather reflects new and updated information we received from GNC. At this time
 it is our belief that we have been in 1
300
stores since initial launch in the fall of 2014.


 the Company engaged Cascadia Managing Brands of Ramesy
 NJ to
assist with distribution and marketing strategy
 and we&rsquo;ve imitated relationships with natural foods brokers in the northeast
and southeast to initiate and advance product distribution with distributors and major retail chains in the natural food &amp;
supermarket verticals
 the specialty nutrition space
 as well as continuing to establish distribution in the mass drug vertical.




competitive and includes such participants as large companies like Mondelez
 Nestle S.A. and Quaker Oats and more specialized companies
such as Cliff Bar and many smaller companies. Many of these competitors have well established names and products. Management is
not aware of any competitor offering snacks targeting the nighttime snack occasion
 or formulated to satisfy unhealthy nighttime
cravings in a sleep-friendly way. We will initially compete based upon the unique nature of our product. However
 other companies
including those with greater name recognition than us and greater resources may seek to introduce products that directly compete
with our products. Management believes that if a competitor sought to develop a competing product
 it could do so and begin to
establish retail distribution in 12-24 months.




and believe that it will prove important to our business. Additionally we own the domain NightFood.com as well as many other relevant
domains such as late-night-snack.com
 nighttimesnack.com
 and nighttimesnacking.com
 as well as NightFood.us
 NightFood.net
 TryNightFood.com
GetNightFood.com
 NiteFood.com
 and Night-Food.com. We also own the toll-free number 888-888-NIGHT. We also rely on proprietary
information as to our formulas and have non-disclosure agreements with our suppliers.




our President and CEO
 and Peter Leighton
 our VP of Marketing who is currently serving the company on a part-time basis. Should
we be successful in executing our business plan
 we anticipate hiring additional employees in the future to assist with marketing
sales and clerical positions. We rely on consultants and outsourced services to accomplish work that might otherwise be done by
employees in a large established company.




 sales to GNC represented approximately
70% of our revenue. Looking to FY 2016
 we expect revenues among customers to be more balanced as we begin distributing to additional
distributors and retail chains.



    
    






factors in evaluating our business
 operations and financial condition. The occurrence of any the following risks could have a
material adverse affect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.



We have had limited operations and
require substantial additional funds to execute our business plan
have resulted from sales to one customer
 specialty nutrition retailer GNC. We generated revenue of $68
409 in the year ended June
30
 2015 and $2
575 in the year ended June 30
 2014. Because our capital resources had been extremely limited we were unable to
fund continual production of our product through contract manufacturers which resulted in limited revenues. Unless we are able
to continue to leverage our status as a public company into effective fundraising to fund our capital requirements
 we will not
be able to execute on our business plan and purchasers of our stock will be likely to lose their investment.

During FY2015
 70% of our
revenue was derived from sales to one customer.
purchasers of our products are replaceable
 our concentration of sales creates risk to future revenues if we were to lose
this major customer.

Our independent auditors have expressed
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
June 30
 2015 and June 30
 2014 from our independent registered public accounting firm that includes an explanatory paragraph and
a footnote stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to its losses and negative
net worth. Inclusion of a &ldquo;going concern qualification&rdquo; in the report of our independent accountants may have a negative
impact on our ability to obtain financing and may adversely impact our stock price in any market that may develop.

We remain uncertain of our proposed
products&rsquo; market acceptance.
niche market with a potential for attractive returns for investors
 this belief is largely based on informal observations and
we have not conducted any formal marketing studies. Our limited resources preclude us from doing so. If management is wrong in
its belief and there is an insufficient market for our products
 it is likely we will fail and investors will lose their investment.&nbsp;

Our ability to hire additional personnel
is important to the continued growth of our business.
a group of motivated marketing and business support professionals. Our growth may be limited if we cannot recruit and retain a
sufficient number of people. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to hire and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel.


Competition in all aspects of the functional food industry is intense. We will compete against both large conglomerates with substantial
resources and smaller companies
 including new companies that might be formed with resources similar to our own. Competitors may
seek to duplicate the perceived benefits of our products in ways that do not infringe on any proprietary rights that we can protect.
As a result we could find that our entire marketing plan and business model is undercut or made irrelevant by actions of other
companies under which we have no control. We cannot promise that we can accomplish our marketing goals and as a result may experience
negative impact upon our operating results.

Our success depends to a large extent
upon the continued service of key managerial employees and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel.
we are highly dependent on the ability and experience of our key employees
 Sean Folkson
 our president and CEO and to a lesser
extent on Peter Leighton
 our Vice President. We have a consulting agreement with Mr. Folkson. The loss of either Mr. Folkson or
Mr. Leighton would present a significant setback for us and could impede the implementation of our business plan. There is no assurance
that we will be successful in acquiring and retaining qualified personnel to execute our current plan of operations.



    
    



The ability of our officers to control
our business will limit minority shareholders' ability to influence corporate affairs
 2015
 our president
Sean Folkson
 owned 16
433
568 shares and our Vice President Peter Leighton owned 4
000
000 shares or an aggregate of approximately
76.9 % of our 26
588
issued and outstanding shares. Because of their stock ownership
 our
officers will be in a position to continue to elect our board of directors
 decide all matters requiring stockholder approval and
determine our policies. The interests of our president may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the
issuance of shares
 business transactions with or sales to other companies
 selection of officers and directors and other business
decisions. The minority shareholders would have no way of overriding decisions made by our president. This level of control may
also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because he may institute or undertake transactions
 policies or programs
that result in losses
 may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/ or may sell sufficient
numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share.

If we do not receive additional financing
we will not be able to execute our planned expansion.
 we believe we will require over $2
000
000
in debt or equity financing to affect a planned expansion of our operations and roll out of our existing and any future products.
Management believes that it will be able to raise funds now that we have commenced trading on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board
(&ldquo;OTCBB&rdquo;). However
 this may not prove to be the case. No one has committed to invest the money we need to complete
our planned operations. If we cannot raise additional funds
 it is unlikely that we will be able to support a stock price close
to the amount paid by our investors and our investors may lose all or most of their investment. Recent economic developments and
the current economic climate may make it especially difficult to raise additional funds. If we do not raise additional funds
 we
may be required to abandon our current business plan and either operate our plan on a much smaller scaled basis
 cease operations
entirely
 or seek a different line of business. However
 we intend to seek additional funds and affect our planned business and
we have no other present plans.

We may be exposed to potential risks resulting
from new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
of 2002
 we are required to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. We have not yet completed our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. We would incur additional expenses and diversion of management's time as a result of performing the system
and process evaluation
 testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification and auditor attestation
requirements.

We do not have a sufficient number
of employees and consultants to segregate responsibilities and are presently unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging
outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees
 and this may impair our ability to effectively comply with
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
 Sean Folkson and our Vice
President/CMO Peter Leighton to perform all executive functions. Peter Leighton will be working for us on a part time basis. Accordingly
we cannot segregate duties to provide sufficient review of our financial activity. During the course of our testing our financial
procedures
 we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition
 if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy
of our internal controls
 as such standards are modified
 supplemented or amended from time to time
 we may not be able to ensure
that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover
 effective internal controls
 particularly those related to revenue recognition
 are necessary
for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud
 our business and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial
information
 and the trading price of our common stock
 if a market ever develops
 could drop significantly. Our officers&rsquo;
lack of experience in accounting and financial matters may make our efforts to comply more difficult and cause us to hire consultants
to assist him cutting into our resources.

Implications of Being an Emerging
Growth Company.
 we qualify as an &quot;emerging
growth company&quot; as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as a company is deemed to be an emerging growth company
 it may take

to other public companies. These provisions include:


a
                                         requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years
                                         of related Management's Discussion and Analysis included in an initial public offering
                                         registration statement;



    
    




an
                                         exemption to provide less than five years of selected financial data in an initial public
                                         offering registration statement;

an
                                         exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging
                                         growth company's internal controls over financial reporting;

an
                                         exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they
                                         would apply to private companies;

an
                                         exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting
                                         Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's
                                         report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about
                                         the audit and the financial statements of the issuer; and

reduced
                                         disclosure about the emerging growth company's executive compensation arrangements.

An
emerging growth company is also exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley which requires that the registered accounting firm
shall
 in the same report
 attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures
for financial reporting. Similarly
 as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act

internal control over financial reporting until such time as we cease being a Smaller Reporting Company.


 we are
exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive
compensation and golden parachutes.


that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of
certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies
that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.

We
would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of:


In
                                         our fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
 

the
                                         first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are $1 billion or more
 

the
                                         date on which we have
 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1 billion
                                         in non-convertible debt securities
 or 

as
                                         of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
                                         exceeded $700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year.

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock

Currently
 there is very little
activity on the public markets for our securities
 and there can be no assurances that any significant public trading will ever
develop and
 our stock is likely to be subject to significant price fluctuations.
market for our common stock. Commencing August 21
 2015 we began trading under the Symbol NGTF on the OTC Markets. However
 trading
volume to date has been limited and sporadic.


In
addition
 our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts
 and there may be few institutions acting as market
makers for the common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock.
Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock
 if ever
 the price at which it
trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced
by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors
 investor perception
 and general economic and
market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common
stock. Because of the anticipated low price of the securities
 many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions
in these securities. Any purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will likely be
subject to the penny stock restrictions.&quot;



    
    



Our
board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock
 which may have rights and preferences detrimental to the
rights of the holders of our common shares.
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par
value. As of the date of this prospectus
 we have not issued any shares of preferred stock and have no plans to do so. Our preferred
stock may bear such rights and preferences
 including dividend and liquidation preferences
 as the Board of Directors may fix
and determine from time to time. Any such preferences may operate to the detriment of the rights of the holders of the common
stock being offered hereby.

Our
articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that
may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the
benefit of officers and/or directors.
of our directors
 officers
 employees
 and agents
 under certain circumstances
 against attorney's fees and other expenses incurred
by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf. This indemnification
policy could result in substantial expenditures by us
 which we will be unable to recoup.

We
have been advised that
 in the opinion of the SEC
 indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is
 therefore
 unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against these types of liabilities
 other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director
 officer or controlling
person in the successful defense of any action
 suit or proceeding
 is asserted by a director
 officer or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered
 we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel
 the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
 the question whether indemnification by us is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating
to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity
 either of which
factors is are likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares
 if such a market ever develops.

Any
market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions that are likely to create a
lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible.
NASDAQ system
 if ever
 the trading of our securities
 if any
 will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred
to as the OTCBB as maintained by OTCMarkets.com. As a result
 an investor may find it difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the price of our securities.

SEC
Rule 15g-9 (as most recently amended and effective on September 12
 2005) establishes the definition of a &quot;penny stock
&quot;
for purposes relevant to us
 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to a limited number of exceptions. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be
penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects the market liquidity for
our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer
approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement
to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In
order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and
investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 sets forth:


the
                                         basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination
 and

that
                                         the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to
                                         the transaction. 


    
    



Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and
remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

Because
of these regulations
 broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or
may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders
or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if
and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may decrease
 with a corresponding
decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable
future and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
 find it difficult to sell their securities. Recently
 several brokerage firms
and clearing firms have adopted special &ldquo;house rules&rdquo; which make it more difficult for their customers to hold or
trade low priced stock and these rules may make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their stock.

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock.
no plans for paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain earnings
 if any
 to provide
funds for the implementation of our business plan. We do not intend to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Therefore
 there can be no assurance that holders of our common stock will receive any additional cash
 stock or other dividends
on their shares of our common stock until we have funds which the Board of Directors determines can be allocated to dividends.

If
a market develops for our shares
 sales of our shares relying upon rule 144 may depress prices in that market by a material amount.
All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are &quot;restricted securities&quot; within the meaning of Rule 144 under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration
statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required
under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for a prescribed
period may
 under certain conditions
 sell their shares as a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on or about
February 15
 2008
 there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e.
 a stockholder
who has not been an officer
 director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have
been held by the owner for a period of six months. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act
 if available
or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders
 may have a depressive effect upon the price of
the common stock in any market that may develop.

Any trading market that may develop may be
restricted by virtue of state securities &quot;Blue Sky&quot; laws to the extent they prohibit trading absent compliance with individual
state laws.
for our common stock
 and there can be no assurance that any public market will develop in the foreseeable future. Transfer of
our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign
jurisdictions
 commonly referred to as &quot;Blue Sky&quot; laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws
 our common
stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because our securities have not been registered for resale under the &ldquo;Blue
Sky&rdquo; laws of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might
develop in the future
 should be aware that there may be significant state &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; law restrictions upon the ability
of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions prohibit the secondary trading
of our common stock. Accordingly
 investors should consider the secondary market for our securities to be a limited one.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS




    
    


ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

Description
of Property&nbsp;

The
company initiated a lease for office space in August 2014
 at a total net expense of approximately $450 per month. The first
year contained a promotional discount. As of August
 2015
 the cost of this office space is approximately $630 monthly. This
space provides a professional working environment and a location to hold meetings for our sole employee (Sean Folkson
 CEO)
and is easily expandable as additional employees are added. We currently store our inventory in a fulfillment center at a
cost of approximately $200 per month which is part of our shipping and packing relationship. We believe that our properties
are adequate for our current needs and that alternative similar or additional space could be found in the vicinity of our
present property at similar cost should the need arise.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There
are no current
 past
 pending or threatened legal proceedings or administrative actions either by or against the issuer that could
have a material effect on the issuer&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 or operations.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.

PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET
INFORMATION



common stock was granted the symbol NGTF by FINRA on May 14
 2015 and trades on OTCMarkets.com. The first trade of our stock occurred
August 28
 2015. To date trading has been very limited and sporadic. The last reported price was $1.28 on September 30
 2015




Period Ending June 30
 2015
    
    


 2015
    
    

    
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Year Ending December 31
 2014:
    
    

    
 2014 
 2015 
 2015 
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Year Ending December 31
 2013:
    
    

    
 2013
    
    




The
approximate number of stockholders of record at September 30
 2015 is 84. The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial
owners of our common stock
 whose shares are held in the names of various dealers
 clearing agencies
 banks
 brokers and other
fiduciaries.

DIVIDEND
POLICY

No
dividends have ever been declared by the Board of Directors on our common stock. Our losses do not currently indicate the ability
to pay any cash dividends
 and we do not have the intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

We
do not have any equity compensation plans. We do not have any warrants issued or outstanding.

RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES


2015
 658
000 shares were issued to 15 investors for $164
500 in cash ($0.25 per share). No underwriter participated in the foregoing
transactions
 and no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
 nor was any general solicitation or general advertising
conducted. The securities bear a restrictive legend and stop transfer instructions are noted on our stock transfer records. These
shares were issued in offerings under Regulation D promulgated under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS.

As
of June 30
 2015
 we had no compensation plans under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance.



    
    



PENNY
STOCK REGULATION

Shares
of our common stock have been and will likely continue to be subject to rules adopted the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in &ldquo;penny stocks.&rdquo; Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less
than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system
 provided
that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is provided by the exchange or system).
The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC
 which contains the following:



    
    
a description
    of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;

    
    
a description of
    the broker&rsquo;s or dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with
    respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities&rsquo; laws;

    
    
a brief
 clear
    narrative description of a dealer market
 including &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; prices for penny stocks and the
    significance of the spread between the &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; price;

    
    
a toll-free telephone
    number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;

    
    
definitions of significant
    terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of&nbsp;&nbsp;trading in penny stocks; and

    
    
such other information
    and is in such form (including language
 type
 size and format)
 as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.


Prior
to effecting any transaction in penny stock
 the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following:



    
    
the
    bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;

    
    
the compensation
    of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;

    
    
the number of shares
    to which such bid and ask prices apply
 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market
    for such stock; and

    
    
monthly account
    statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account.


In
addition
 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
 the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser&rsquo;s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have
the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules.
Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common stock will probably be subject
to the penny stock rules.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon
 and should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.



We
are a snack development
 marketing and distribution company relying on our unique product
 unique product positioning
 and our
marketing expertise to develop and market nutritional/snack foods that are appropriate for evening snacking. Our first product
is the NightFood nutrition bar
 currently available in two flavors (Cookies n&rsquo; Dreams
 and Midnight Chocolate Crunch).

NightFood
bars are currently available in many GNC locations across the country. We believe the bars are in approximately 1
300 GNC stores.
In our previous filings
 we indicated the number of GNC locations to be approximately 700. The new estimate of 1
300 stores does
not represent an expansion
 but rather reflects corrected and updated information we received from GNC. At this time
 it is our
belief that we have been in 1
300 stores since our initial launch in the fall of 2014.



    
    



The
company is intently focused on expanding into more mass-market retail outlets. We believe consumers shopping in a specialty nutrition
store like GNC can be assumed to be much more diligent about their snack habits and patterns
 and therefore less likely to gravitate
towards a product line like NightFood
 which is positioned to replace unhealthy nighttime snack options like cookies
 chips
 ice
cream
 candy
 cereal
 and the like.

We
believe it&rsquo;s important for us to have distribution and placement in stores where &ldquo;average
 everyday people&rdquo;
are currently buying their snacks. This will allow us greater exposure to a larger number of more relevant consumers
 and also
allow for more efficient promotion of the product.

Over
the last few months
 spanning the time period from June 2015 through September
 2015
 the company has made major strides towards
our goal of establishing distribution in more mainstream outlets.

In
June
 2015
 the company engaged Cascadia Managing Brands to assist with distribution and brand management and to accelerate our
rollout in all relevant verticals
 including supermarkets
 natural food stores
 convenience stores
 and mass drug. Our relationship
with Cascadia has led directly to establishing relationships with two of the premier natural food brokers in the country. Tozzi
&amp; Associates is representing NightFood in the northeast
 and Main Street Marketing in the southeast
 giving us broker coverage
of the entire east coast
 and broker access to accounts such as Fairway Market
 five Whole Foods regions
 Wakefern (ShopRite)
Stop &amp; Shop
 Harris Teeter
 Wegmans
 as well as hundreds of other accounts
 although as of the date of this report we have
not yet received any purchase orders from such potential accounts.

The brokers have reported that initial marketplace feedback
is strong. They are currently in the process of generating enough interest and pre-commitments from retail outlets so that major
national distributors such as KeHe and UNFI will begin carrying NightFood products in their regional warehouses
 as that is our
desired goal.

Advancing
our push to mainstream retail
 in August of 2015
 we received our first purchase order from a distributor
 Abraham Natural
Foods. Abraham is a leading grocery wholesale distributor in the New York Metropolitan area
 serving approximately 2500 accounts
and a variety of retail chains including Morton Williams
 Associated Supermarkets
 and Food Town.

Sales
at GNC continued to trend up throughout the fiscal year
 and our highest volume week to date was just prior to the end of the
2015 Fiscal Year (GNC reporting week ended 6/20/15). This coincided with an increase in media spend while testing our Facebook
ad campaign (discussed below). During the 4 week period from 6/14/30 through 7/11/15
 we had our strongest 4-week period to date
at GNC.



 sales
have remained at somewhat elevated levels
 and Q1 of Fiscal Year 2016 will be our strongest GNC Quarter to date in terms of the
number of bars sold
 and total gross sales. To date
 GNC sales in each quarter have surpassed the previous quarter.


customer
 we have spoken with the team at GNC
 and both parties agree that the Company needs to take measures to further
increase sales volume in their stores. We are discussing more aggressive pricing promotions along with ways to drive
incremental consumers into GNC stores by running online ads and promoting the pricing promotions to our existing list of
NightFood customers and samplers. We can give no assurance of the success of any such campaigns.

Toward
the end of FY 2015
 the Company began to ramp up ad spending for testing a direct response advertising campaign on Facebook as
mentioned in the previous paragraph. The goal of this campaign is to drive consumer trial and awareness
 resulting in increased
retail sales and consumption. The accelerated test spend lasted a total of 6 weeks and delivered a substantial lift in direct
to consumer sales
 as well as sales by our retail partners (both brick &amp; mortar
 and online). In the several weeks since we
paused the campaign
 much of the lift in sales remains
 indicating consumer repurchase behavior.

The
campaign was paused so we could evaluate the results
 to see if the lift was sustained
 and to preserve inventory and cash until
additional distribution is established and more funding is secured. It is our intent to resume scaling and optimizing this campaign
in the future as broader retail distribution is established. This campaign is not intended to be a profit center
 and is unlikely
to be profitable at any point when factoring in the cost of product
 fulfillment
 shipping
 and media spend. However
 we believe
it can be a cost-effective way to drive consumer awareness and trial in a way that will support increased consumption and expanded
distribution.

We
are greatly encouraged by the impact of our ads on sales volume at GNC and other outlets including Amazon
 Drugstore.com and
Puritans Pride. We&rsquo;re even more encouraged by the fact that the lift in sales we saw during the ad campaign has largely
sustained itself since the advertising campaign had been paused in late July. We interpret this as a signal that there is
ongoing repeat purchase behavior from consumers who have tried NightFood.


    
    



DEVELOPMENT
PLANS


 assuming that we have established
sufficient traction with our initial product
 the NightFood nutrition bar
 the company intends to evaluate opportunities to introduce
other nighttime specific snack products in the snack formats already popular with consumers such as cookies
 chips
 and ice cream.

We
believe the nutritional profile of any popular snack food can be evaluated and formulated for what we call &ldquo;sleep-friendliness&rdquo;
and therefore optimized as a better nighttime snack option.



Inflation
can be expected to have an impact on our operating costs. A prolonged period of inflation could cause a general economic downturn
and negatively impact our results. However
 the effect of inflation has been minimal over the past three years.



We
do not believe that our business will be seasonal to any material degree.

Critical
Accounting Policies&nbsp;

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses.
On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to uncollectible receivables
 inventory valuation
 deferred
compensation and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical performance and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates allow us to make judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources.

We
believe the following accounting policies are our critical accounting policies because they are important to the portrayal of
our financial condition and results of operations and they require critical management judgments and estimates about matters that
may be uncertain. If actual results or events differ materially from those contemplated by us in making these estimates
 our reported
financial condition and results of operations for future periods could be materially affected.

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS


Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2015 Compared
to Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2014





 2015
 we
had revenues of $68
409 compared to the twelve months ended June 30
 2014 when we had revenues of $2
575. The majority of the increase
in revenue is from two purchase orders received from GNC. The first of the two was received in August
 2014 for approximately $26
000
worth of product
 and the second was received in October for just over $30
000 worth of product. The majority of this approximately
$41
000 in revenue remains on our books as an outstanding receivable
 as the terms of the purchases were &ldquo;pay on scan&rdquo;.
While GNC takes possession of the goods upon receipt
 the payment terms dictate that they pay down the receivable weekly based
on how much product is sold during the prior week. The company has also provided certain sales allowances of $12
923 for the year
ended June 30
 2015.

Other
important factors driving the revenue increase in FY2015 were an increase in direct to consumer product sales ($11
861 in FY 2015
compared to $950 in FY2014)
 and sales through our Fulfilled By Amazon program ($3
257 vs. $144).



    
    


Operating
Expenses

Our
operating expenses for the twelve months ending June 30
 2015 were $424
905 compared to $1
134
620 for the twelve months ending
June 30
 2014. The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in professional fees. Other costs
 such as cost of goods sold
 advertising
&amp; promotional
 and SG&amp;A all increased for FY2015.

Net
Loss

For
the twelve months ended June 30
 2015
 we had a net loss of $367
134 compared to the twelve months ended June 30
 2014 when we
had a net loss of $1
144
325. The majority of this decrease on net loss is a result of lower expense related to professional fees
in FY2015 compared to FY2014.



As
of June 30
 2015
 we had approximately $46
936 worth of product in inventory
 compared to $49
415 worth of product in inventory
as of June 30
 2014.



During
FY2015
 approximately 70% of our revenue was derived from our relationship with one customer
 GNC. The next largest revenue component
was our direct to consumer sales
 which accounted for almost 15% of our revenues.&nbsp;

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

As
of June 30
 2015
 we had cash on hand of $16
059
 accounts receivable of $34
528 net of allowances
 and inventory value of $46
936.
During the twelve month period ended June 30
 2015
 we successfully raised $164
500 through the private sale of our common stock.
These proceeds were used to manufacture inventory
 initiate and provide support for retail distribution and cover expenses related
being a publicly traded company.

Since
our inception
 we have sustained operating losses. During the twelve months ended June 30
 2015
 we incurred a net loss of $367
134
and had a total stockholders&rsquo; deficit of $45
788 at June 30
 2015.

The
Company has limited available cash resources and we do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing working
capital needs. The Company is continuing to raise capital through private placement of our common stock to finance the Company&rsquo;s
operations
 of which it can give no assurance of success. However
 we believe that our current capitalization structure
 combined
with the continued expansion in distribution
 will enable us to achieve successful financings to continue our growth.

Even
if the Company is successful in raising additional funds
 the Company cannot give any assurance that it will
 in the future
 be
able to achieve a level of profitability from the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

During
the twelve months ended June 30
 2015
 net cash used in operating activities was $198
146 compared to $171
577 for the
twelve months ended June 30
 2014. This increase was primarily due to the increase in our operating expenses such as
advertising and  promotional expenses
 consulting and  other professional fees
 and expenses related to being a public
company
 along with the relatively slow collection of the accounts receivable items related to our GNC purchase
orders.



    
    



During
the twelve months ended June 30
 2015 and 2014 respectively
 there was not any net cash provided in investing activities.

During
the twelve months ended June 30
 2015
 net cash aggregating $165
177 was provided by financing activities
 which represents net
proceeds of $164
500 from private sales of our common stock
 $5
000 related to an advance by a related party and offset by required
principal payments of $4
323 of our bank loan.

From
our inception in January 2010 through June 30
 2015
 we have generated an accumulated deficit of approximately $1
739
208. Assuming
we raise additional funds and continue operations
 we expect to incur additional operating losses during the remainder of 2015
and through most
 if not all
 of 2016. We plan to continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance our
operations
 as we have in the past
 primarily through the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing until such
time that we are able to generate sufficient funds from the sale of our products to finance our operations
 of which we can give
no assurance.


 2015
 the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with Sean Folkson. The agreement is retroactive to January 1st
 2015. In exchange for services provided
to the Company by Folkson
 the Company agrees to pay Folkson $6
000 monthly. This compensation expense started accruing on January
1
 2015
 and will continue to accrue on a monthly basis until the company is in a position to pay Folkson.

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET TRANSACTIONS

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect
on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
or capital resources.

GOING
CONCERN

The
Company&rsquo;s independent auditors believe it necessary to include a going concern footnote in their audit report. The Company
has included an explanatory paragraph in the notes to the financial statement for the year ended June 30
 2015 with respect to
Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not
applicable.



    
    


ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The financial
statements required by Item 8 are presented in the following order:

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets&nbsp;as June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Operations for years ended June 30
 2015 and June 30
 2014
    

    
    

Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders Deficit as of June 30
 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for years ended June 30
 2015 and June 30
 2014
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.


Financial
Statements

For
the years ended June 30
 2015 and June 30
 2014





    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board
of Directors and
Stockholders of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of June 30
 2015
and 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and
cash flows for the two year period ended June 30
 2015. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform an audit of the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion
the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the
Company as of June 30
 2015 and 2014 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two year in the period ended
June 30
 2015
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has incurred recurring losses and generated negative cash flows
from its operating activities. These raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans
 with respect to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/ RBSM
LLP
New York
New York
September
30
 2015


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS



    
June 30

June 30


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
059
49
028


923 and $0
 respectively)
34
528
    

    
46
936
49
415

    
    
23
000

    
5
086
1
500

    
102
609
122
973

    
    
    

    
102
609
122
973

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
97
221
26
555

    
    
37
072

    
    
    

    
36
000
    

    
4
007
4
323

    
5
000
    

    
    
134
517

    
142
228
202
250

    
    
    

    
6
169
10
176

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 26
588
588&nbsp;&nbsp;issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2015 and&nbsp;&nbsp;25
130
560 outstanding as of June 30
 2014
 respectively)
26
589
25
131

    
1
666
832
1
256
816

    
(1
739
208
(1
372
074

    
(45
788
(90
127

    
102
609
122
973


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 2015

 2014

    
    
    

    
68
409
2
575

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
75
835
16
734

    
86
200
26
891


 general and administrative
49
169
14
274

    
213
701
1
076
721

    
424
905
1
134
620

    
    
    

    
(356
496
(1
132
045

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
369

    
9
894
10
911

    
(367
134
(1
144
325

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(367
134
(1
144
325

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
25
558
832
23
172
482



The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT

Years ended June 30
 2015 and
2014





    
    
    
    Paid-in
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 July 1
 2013
20
000
000
20
000
19
307
(227
749
(188
442

    
4
078
560
4
079
1
015
561
    
1
019
640

    
1
052
000
1
052
221
948
    
223
000

    
    
    
    
(1
144
325
(1
144
325

Balance
 June&nbsp;&nbsp;30
 2014
25
130
560
25
131
1
256
816
(1
372
074
(90
127

    
261
960
    
65
228
    
65
490

    
538
068
    
180
945
    
181
483

    
658
000
    
163
842
    
164
500

    
    
    
    
(367
134
(367
134

Balance
 June 30
 2015
26
588
588
26
589
1
666
832
(1
739
208
(45
788




The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.





    
    
 June 30

 2015
    
 June 30

 2014

    
    
    

    
(367
134
(1
144
325

    
    
    

    
65
490
1
019
640

    
12
923
    

    
(47
421
    

    
25
479
(72
415

    
(3
586
(1
500

    
70
666
15
648

    
45
894
10
910

    
    
    

    
(198
146
(171
577

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
164
500
223
000

    
5
000
    

    
(4
323
(3
308

    
165
177
219
692

    
    
    

    
(32
969
48
115

    
    
    


 beginning of year
49
028
    


 end of year
16
059
49
028

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
369

    
    
    

    
134
517
    



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
Description of
    Business
NightFood Holdings
    Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued
    and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&nbsp;&nbsp;All
    of its operations are conducted by the subsidiary
 NightFood
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s business model is to manufacture
    and distribute snack products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings
    in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly way.




    
    
    
The Company&rsquo;s fiscal year
    end is June 30.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company currently maintains
    its corporate office in Tarrytown
 New York.&nbsp;




    
Summary of Significant Accounting
    Policies
    
Management is responsible for
    the fair presentation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
    principles (GAAP).




    
    
    
The preparation of financial
    statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
    that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
    of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
    could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
 the valuation
    for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company classifies as cash
    and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities
    of three months or less at the time of purchase.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Statement of financial accounting
    standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated
    fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and
    liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Inventories consisting of packaged
    food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with
    known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
    Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Advertising costs are expensed
    when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company
    incurred advertising costs of $86
200 and $26
891 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company has
    not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.




    
    




    
    
    
Deferred income
    taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those
    reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &quot;Accounting for Income Taxes&quot;
 which requires
    the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized
    for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
    and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
    are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
    are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable
    to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
A valuation allowance has been
    recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than not that the assets
    will be utilized.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company&rsquo;s effective
    tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent and temporary timing differences
    as well as a valuation allowance.





    
    
    
The Company generates
    its revenue from products sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&rsquo;s and other
    customer websites.




    
    
    
All sources of
    revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery
    of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 consisting primarily of advertising related credits.
The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received
in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.





    
Concentration
    of Credit Risk
    
Financial instruments
    that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;At
    various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&nbsp;&nbsp;To mitigate this risk
 the
    Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management believes the risk of loss
    is minimal.&nbsp;&nbsp;At June 30
 2015 and 2014 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.

    
    
    
    

    
Impairment of Long-lived
    Assets
    
The Company accounts for long-lived
    assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement
    requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
    in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held
    and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated
    by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which
    the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower
    of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted
    cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09)
 which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. ASU 2014-09's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today's guidance
 including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2017 and
 at that time
 the Company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has determined the effect of ASU 2014-09 on its ongoing financial reporting.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&ldquo;ASU 2014-15&rdquo;). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly
require management to assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosure
in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December
15
 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15.





    
    






    
    
    
The Company's financial
    statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation
    of liabilities in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because the business is new and has limited operating history
    and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.




    
    
    
Management is taking
    steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next
    twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity
    financing. However
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds
    through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding
    or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.





    
    
    
The Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company&rsquo;s snack products.
On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of
past write-offs
 collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail
and distribution partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 or 45 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;Currently
 the Company&rsquo;s largest customer
is GNC.&nbsp;&nbsp;The terms it has established with GNC is &ldquo;pay on scan&rdquo;.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each week
 GNC issues payment
to the Company based on the volume of inventory sold.&nbsp;&nbsp;As such
 its receivables with GNC are not due on a specific date
but rather tied to product sales volume The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the Company does not require
collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account is uncollectible is made after
all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has also provided certain sales allowances of $12
923 for the
year ended June 30
 2015.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2015
 the Company revenues included one customer which accounted for approximately
70% of revenues. The Company is in the process of negotiating additional contracts with several other retail outlets which if successful
will reduce the present concentration level.




    
    
    
Inventories consists
    of the following at June 30





    
    
    
    

    
    
35
273
47
424

    
    
11
662
1
991

    
    
46
936
49
415

    
    
    
23
000






    
    
    
Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs
or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs and
write-offs are charged to loss on inventory write down.

    
    
    
    

    
Other Current
    Liabilities
    
Other current liabilities
    consist of the following at June 30





    
    
    
    

    
    
36
000
    

    
    
    
37
072

    
    
36
000
37
072




    
    





    
Short
    and long term borrowings
    
On November 24
    2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally
    Guaranteed by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States Small
    Business Administration (SBA).




    
    
    
The
term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 8% interest rate
 which is based upon Wall Street
Journal (&ldquo;WSJ&rdquo;) Prime 3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during
this 84 month period.






    
    
    
    

    
    
10
176
14
499

    
    
10
176
14
499

    
    
(4
007
(4
323

    
    
6
169
10
176




    
    
    
Interest
expense for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 totaled $743 and $1
369
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On October 16
 2013
    the NightFood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&rsquo; equity
    has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.




    
    
    
The
Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of
Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative
voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common
Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore
and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's assets after payment of liabilities.
The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and
until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued
by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the
outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will
be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters
brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders
of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally
available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will
have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred
stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have
no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect
all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able
to elect any of our directors.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The Company has 26
588
588 and
    25
130
560 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2015 and 2014 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During the year ended June 30
    2015:




    
    
the Company sold
    658
000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $164
500


    
    
and issued 261
960 shares of
    common stock for services with a fair value of $65
490.

    
    
and issued 538
068 shares of
    common stock for the conversion of related party debt of $181
483.




    
    



    

                                         Dividends

    
The
                                         Company has never issued dividends.



    
    
    

    
    
    
    





    
    
    

    
    
    

Company has never issued options.




    
Related
    Party Transactions
    
The Company received
    cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $15
000 and $26
350 in 2015 and 2014
    respectively
 to supplement the Company&rsquo;s working capital. These short term advances have all been repaid.




    
    
    
On May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson
    converted the outstanding note payable of $134
517 into 538
068 shares of the Company&rsquo;s $0.001 par value common
    stock.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The amounts previously included
    in short term borrowings &ndash; related party of $0 and 134
517 in 2015 and 2014
 respectively had represented a Note Payable
    which was to be repayable upon Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp;Folkson providing the borrower with written notice of demand
 according to certain
    terms. However Mr. Folkson was not permitted to demand repayment of the Note until the Company was profitable
 and in a positive
    cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson would have been allowed to demand repayment. The Company had agreed to make
    payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance would have been paid in full. Subsequently
    on May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted his note into shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Included in short-term borrowings
    - related party is $5
000 which is a short term advance to the company which is expected to be repaid during the first quarter
    2016.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During the third quarter 2015
    Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $36
000 is reflected in professional
    fees and presented in the accrued expenses &ndash; related party.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The consulting agreement has a term of one year
 and
then converts into a month to month effective January 1
 2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term
 with thirty
(30) days notice by either party.


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Imputed interest expense accrued
    on the converted note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $9
894 and $10
911 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.





    
    
A reconciliation
    of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:




    
    
June 30


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





    
    
The
tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:

    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
196
982
94
423

    
    
368
944
346
678

    
    
565
926
441
101

    
    
    
    

    
    
(565
926
(441
101

    
    
    
    




    
    






    
    
At
June 30
 2015 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $566
000 for income tax purposes which
will expire between 2023 and 2022. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been
offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation
allowance for the year ended June 30
 2015 was an increase of $124
825. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a
company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; be sustained upon examination
by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where
it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its
income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result
in a material change to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.

The
Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience
a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&ldquo;IRC&rdquo;). Under section 382
 should the
Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula
as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.

As
of June 30
 2015 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section
382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no federal or state
income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.

The
Company's accounting policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The
Company has not accrued interest for any periods.


    
    
    

    
Fair
    Value of 
Cash
    and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities

    
    
    

    
    
The
carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.

    
    
    

    
    
Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other inputs
that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market
participants. These valuations require significant judgment.

    
    
    

    
    

of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described below:







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Value

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
176
    
    
10
176

    
    
    
10
176
    
    
10
176




    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Value

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
149
016
    
    
149
016

    
    
    
149
016
    
    
149
016




    
Net Loss per
Share of Common Stock
    
The Company has
    adopted FASB Topic 260
 &quot;Earnings per Share
&quot; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of
    the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator
    of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial
    statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares
    of common stock outstanding during the year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average
    number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this
    method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
    and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
    shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&nbsp;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would
    be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share).&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no anti-dilutive instruments.




    
    
    
    

    
    
(367
134
(1
144
325

    
    
    
    

    
    
(367
134
(1
144
325

    
    
    
    

    
    
25
558
832
23
172
482

    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
he
Company received proceeds of $56
000 through the sale 224
000 shares of its common stock.





    
    



ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENT
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE


CHANGES IN REGISTRANT'S CERTIFYING
ACCOUNTANT


C.P.A.&rsquo;s


 2014 the Board of Directors
of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; dismissed Beckstead &amp; Company
 C.P.A.&rsquo;s (&ldquo;B&amp;C&rdquo;)
as its independent registered public accounting firm.



financial statements for the year ended June 30
 2014 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
 nor was it
qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting principles but did include an explanatory paragraph and footnote questioning
the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. During the period of B&amp;C&rsquo;s engagement as the Company&rsquo;s
independent registered public accounting firm through December 4
 2014 (the &ldquo;Engagement Period&rdquo;)
 there were no disagreements
as defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K with B&amp;C on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement
disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure
 which disagreements
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of B&amp;C
 would have caused
it to make reference in connection with any opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement. Further
 during the Engagement Period
there were no reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K).




 2014
 the Board of Directors
appointed RBSM LLP (&ldquo;RBSM&rdquo;)
 an independent registered public accounting firm which is registered with
 and governed
by the rules of
 the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 as the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting
firm. During our two most recent fiscal years and through December 4
 2014
 neither the Company nor anyone on the Company&rsquo;s
behalf consulted RBSM regarding either (1) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction regarding us
 either
completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements; or (2) any matter regarding
us that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and related instructions to
Item 304 of Regulation S-K) or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K).






means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a
) is recorded
 processed
summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer)
 or persons performing similar functions
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


reporting is defined as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the issuer&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 or persons
performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
    




    
    
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and




    
    
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.




not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all
error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
inherent limitations in all control systems
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements
 and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
if any
 within the registrant have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures
financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We carried out an evaluation
under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our chief
executive officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at June 30
 2015 due to the lack of
accounting and management personnel
 as well as insufficient funds to fully engage necessary legal and compliance resources. We
will consider hiring additional employees when we obtain sufficient capital.



    
    


Management&rsquo;s Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP.


reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and
fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that receipts and expenditures are being made only
in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.


internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to
be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31
 2014. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework.
Based on that assessment under those criteria
 our management has determined that
 at December 31
 2014
 our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective due to a lack of resources.


an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers that
are not &ldquo;large accelerated filers&rdquo; nor &ldquo;accelerated filers&rdquo; under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act.

Changes in Internal Controls over
Financial Reporting
covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over
financial reporting.







ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE






        
    
    
    

        
        

    
        
    

        
    
    

 Chief Executive Officer and Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





will end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until successors are elected and qualify
 subject to their prior death
resignation or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.


our officers
 directors and consultants.




 was elected president
Sean Folkson has been CEO and President of our subsidiary NightFood
 Inc.
a New York corporation
 since its formation in January 2010. From 2004 to 2009 he served as president of Specialty Equipment Direct
Inc. which is an online marketer of flooring maintenance equipment which he founded. In 1998 he founded AffiliatePros.com
 Inc.
a company engaged in assisting its clients with internet marketing which operated through 2008. Mr. Folkson received a B.A. in
Business Administration with a concentration in marketing from S.U.N.Y Albany in 1991.

was appointed
Vice President Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer upon the formation of the Company. Peter Leighton holds a BA in marketing
from the University of Florida. For over 25 years he has been engaged in marketing and management for functional foods
 biotech
and turnaround companies. Since 2001 Mr. Leighton has been the founding partner of Copernican Associates
 LLOC a consulting firm
offering B to B and B to C services in various segments. From 2007 to 2010 he was CEO of Advana Science
 Inc.
 a developer of
OTC consumer products and was VP Marketing of Natrol
 Inc.
 an OTC supplement manufacturer from 2002 to 2004. From February 2014
through March 2015
 Mr. Leighton served as Vice President &ndash; Product Strategy for Complete Nutrition Holdings
 Inc.
 a company
involved in operating and franchising high end nutritional product stores. He continues to serve the Company on a part time basis.



    
    





 director
 or persons nominated
for these positions
 and no promoter or significant employee of our corporation has been involved in legal proceedings that would
be material to an evaluation of our management.




stage of development and our small size
 the present adoption of a code of ethics is not appropriate. If we grow we will adopt
a suitable code of ethics.






has one member and consequently does not currently have a compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee.
If our board of directors were to significantly increase in size
 we will consider the appropriateness of committees.


and Financial
Expert


 the board of directors acts
as the audit committee. The board of directors does not have an audit committee financial expert. The board of directors has not
yet recruited an audit committee financial expert to join the board of directors because we have only recently commenced a significant
level of financial operations.




because he is our majority shareholder
 CEO and sole full-time employee.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
of Reporting Compliance


our directors and executive officers and persons who own beneficially more than 10% of our common stock to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership of such common stock with the SEC
 and to file copies of such reports with us. Based solely upon a review
of the copies of such reports filed with us
 we believe that during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2015 such reporting persons
complied with the filing requirements of Section 16(a)
 with the exception of Mr. Folkson filing his Form 3 after the due date
and Mr. Leighton not filing his Form 3. Neither Mr. Folkson nor Mr. Leighton have engaged in any purchases or sales of our common
stock since we became subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.






and non-cash annual remuneration of our CEO and director during our past two fiscal years:




    
    
    
    
    
    
Incentive
    Plan 
Deferred
    
Compen-
    
    

Sean Folkson

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
000
36
000








    
    
    
    
    
    
Incentive
    Plan 
Deferred
    
Compen-
    
    

Peter Leighton

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




 Mr. Folkson has
not received any payment as a result of his consulting agreement. All compensation continues to accrue.


present plan to give any compensation other than cash and the granting of shares of common stock. The Company does not have any
Stock Option Plan or other equity compensation plans.




Mr. Folkson and the Company
 whereby Mr. Folkson receives $6
000 in consulting fees each month
 beginning January
 2015. As the
company has not had sufficient funds to date to pay Mr. Folkson
 these fees have accrued and will continue to accrue until such
time as the Company has sufficient funds to issue payment.



    
    





including payments to be received from the Company
 with respect to any person named in the Summary Compensation Table set forth
above that would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or her resignation
 retirement or other termination
of such person&rsquo;s employment with us.






appreciation rights were made during the year ended June 30
 2014. We have no stock options outstanding.




which we provide pension
 retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We do not have any material bonus
or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock (our only class of voting securities) as of September 30
 2015
by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and directors as a group; (iii) each shareholder who beneficially owns more
than 5% of any class of our voting securities
 including those shares subject to outstanding options.




    
    
    

    
    
    

c/o Nightfood Holdings
Tarrytown
 NY 10691
16
433
568
    

    
    
    

c/o Nightfood Holdings
Tarrytown
 NY 10691
4
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
20
433
568
    






arrangements which may result in &ldquo;changes in control&rdquo; as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of
Regulation S-K.



    
    


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


16
 2013 and upon our organization we issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock to the Company&rsquo;s founder
 President and CEO
in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Night Food
 Inc.
 a New York corporation. During October and
December 2013
 Mr. Folkson assigned 4
000
000 shares of his common stock to Peter Leighton as compensation in connection with his
joining the Company and an aggregate of 104
500 shares to 35 persons as gifts. Mr. Folkson has advanced an aggregate of $134
517
to us to fund our operations
 and had previously been shown on our financial statements as a Note Payable. This note has since
been converted to equity as outlined below. Our sole director is not deemed independent because he is our majority shareholder
CEO and sole full-time employee. The Company may seek to satisfy all or part of this indebtedness through the issuance of stock
to Mr. Folkson.




    
    
The Company received cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $15
000 and $26
350 in 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 to supplement the Company&rsquo;s working capital these short term advances have all been repaid.

&nbsp;


    
    
On May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted the outstanding note payable of $134
517
 at a conversion price of $.25/share
 into the 538
068 shares of the company&rsquo;s $0.001 par value common stock.




    
    
The amounts previously included in short term borrowings &ndash; related party of $0 and 134
517 in 2015 and 2014
 respectively had represented a Note Payable which was to be repayable upon Mr. Folkson providing the Borrower with written notice of demand
 according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson was not permitted to demand repayment of the Note until the Company was profitable
 and in a positive cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson would have been allowed to demand repayment. The Company had agreed to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance would have been paid in full. Subsequently
 on May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted his note into shares of the company&rsquo;s stock.




    
    
Included in short-term borrowings - related party is $5
000 which is a short term advance to the company which is expected to be repaid during FY 2016.




    
    
During the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $36
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &ndash; related party.




    
    
Imputed interest expense accrued on the converted note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $9
894 and $10
911 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES




years ended June 30
 2014 and 2015 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial
statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by
the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years were $11
500 and $19
500
respectively.




2014 and 2015
 for professional services related to tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning work by our principal accountants
we incurred expenses of $2
250 and $2
500 respectively.







    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES




Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
        

 Inc. a 100% owned New York corporation

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Incorporated by reference to like numbered exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s registration Statement on Form S-1 File Number
333-193347 
30
2014 


    
    





of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.




    
NightFood Holdings
 Inc.

    
    
    

September 30
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

 Chief Executive Officer

 Financial
 and Accounting
        Officer)




Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
September 30
 2015

    
    
(principal executive
 financial and accounting officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




















     










 Sean Folkson
 certify that:


Holdings
 Inc.;


 this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods present in this report;


officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:


procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;


financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;


disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.




    
    

    
    



    
    

    
    
    
(Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting
        Officer)















     









SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002


Report on Form 10-Q of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2015
 I
 Sean Folkson
 Chief Executive Officer
of NightFood Holdings
 Inc..
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:


fiscal year ended June 30
 2015
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and


Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2015 fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of operations of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.




    
    

    
    



    
    

    
    
    
(Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting
        Officer)















begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 (A :$# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH







'C1_NZG



3=MWKGIC-





M/[XSGM26OA_5+RWAN(;;$4UV+.-I&V;IC_#@]AT)[46%SP[F=15W4M+ETI$:

MS%I:U/\ A'[G^T)+(S0^8EA_:!;G!38'V_[V#]*L2^'K:/3;.\37;:87LGE6

G
?K18GVT&8%%=&?#=K;


MLJ=T;U!_^O632MP2*&KZ

MI^!/&MUX
UH7AI;&;W5N#]Y?[PS_$.WXCO7U%87]KJEA!?64Z3VTZ[XY$/

KHM4445F6%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

5T_P 1/^2@ZW_U\M7
&N^/PHYGN)6KH6G6



M HDVDE



_W!

M7_CX9L;0OUR*7.NY2HI*QLZ+KMAI]GH*2R2H]BUXTOEQDE#(N(R#WY_*I;?Q

 'K


M-U/.\
0) \UBH )Z#)J2V\'4]/LKZ_MK*74F62VLI
M3N2.-Y?+F0MN9QU(V\XQG-2ZBO9C5*6B
1/$NH1W:SJMN5^R)92021[XI8



&VUUGTVWU$6-Y$RHK2O)(T9V

M53E\#Z6=4ETJSU6^FU*SCMKB\AEA1(VAE

I4\077AW5;KP_%%=1PVJ(L





M_$F^TB!C+:_:[E-OV=FF11;8A$N4VD_= R59=W0UMZ=J_@KP_XCTF?2X=.:
M%[^Y$U[-N=K6+8 @'/W[


;R;=H8L% 9MO
M&:QPGG0R2JADBB 
CJ




#G(J2*29X95*R

MDXR3[FJBWU1+2ZJN8W'T--*D5J6UB70G'!%07-J8CC!_ 4[@T4*0GD^U2-








@!LL
M%SCVKKM

4EW/%I0;^T0(@I
:_\ +N-X+8&

/=S6SR

M]$
62\^WV

6TD%KYHB:.5UWCS\PF'++NV@A&/3
#536/%.H:W;W$-TENBSW45VQB0@


VHK ?-V0);YDC+[0Q);(P1DKCBLZ7X?W5W)9+HEY9
MW4T]I:7



#MS]35?IQ3E;%# Z2T
MN$$8!P#[52O[@


MP8]E[#I*Q

-!I31VH 2
MEI** %IR
G8^QJE5O3)+6.^W7J.]
MMY;B1$;:S94XP?7.*:W)ELSH=.TZ6;P(NH*H$-K:WL,IS]UF9O]?RK/\&?\
MCSH63_S$(/\ T
5H:+K$
/PYUW2Y94%TSKY
9/
@D*@X'?!7FLOPG_R.FB9'


M8CF&XI
5)@CFDQ187.
Q1BGXHQ18?.1XI

MPTBWG^%E_J+(IN([P2K*5^8*NU2




F\






MU/PAX6\&I:6NJ:?:MJ+
U<:=<T;P[KL-MX;T
:KJ








)
]-^
M&'@X3K_PDNH0;DC;%A&X&'8=9




M@)$C3

5SJV%MXGT#3X=1FN+;Q+

RE0 6W=N

D2M*[++#YG42-

YQ2W:BA-J


2ZL[O8K
*C9
5:*^U
E8N!P!@=JT:(
MC(ILM1L*L
M1
*AHVC(@85$15AA43H9M%D1YIIIYIIJ&=$61FEY1CW4C\J

MVI!EHOE/./T_&FMQ3^%G8:=I\
7P]U66X7_2]/$ZQL#P%F5#SZ\$5RWAK_D:








M=^9A(GRYQ362K:I\O2F

60FF&I&%
-0SH@R
T(0LBD]
\TIIA]:AG1%V8#IBB
ME888C!'UIM(IBU:TYK==2@:[F:&WR0\JIO*94@''?DBJM7]&^V+JUM)IX8WB


ICUJ9*B6I4J



2<MASZ.#V8


-*=B_

MQ)/?013PI(J!XITV2)(J@

MU1(&%1FI6J
UFSH@
-
-/-






0\
M4X&FGC.::(D2+4JFH14BFK1SS184U,IJNIJ92RJ 2S$!5 R23V [U:9S21
MT'A')\8:.02-MRK$@= 
M<CX$\)2Z





M$.%.%
%.% FB4&GH1D9Z=\5&H)!(Z#K3A5(PFB=2

4$RRC?&V
@XZXZ\CI6%X-\17E]XANK.Z



&J/-6-1,:ZZY^&WBJ&;RX[*X7M)#<H




.Q%5

?F 4L !TSQ7*Z


MD7RI%[]#U'NM4=#\ V_A[7H=1LKJ[B\KY79B'
Z'JI&
**XFFM&=Z=]4;L&E



M#5EWQCXI&JRMIUD5:QC




:)6'(!^HKGEA(O8Z8XON?3/VCS(Y6

ONSD#KGIWKPM49CNF
M.FUB



M;Y)D&_R6VOC_ &3V-.*U

2LZKOQ


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?'?B#_D9-4_Z^Y?_ $




MRW+2 1

6^\'MR I'J-M4=8A2/


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'QSKO_(PZEC_GZE_]#-9_TK0U

IC

&WGE0=6CB9A^8% G99.


$$=01R/PH!)/ H&D.J5(BZ


S12W+QLRY

M5A2@D48YP*0C!Q3$2@L8V(1VP1RJ$C\Q43-MQN#+DX&Y2
_3/6O8_@IXPMK0


BV7EVXDD


M?G%5

MQLHD^T7



MJV2=@Y-3Y;\U 



?
#.$4


=:U2_D2\UG[





2;AD

/A.

M^[RK'CK^-:/BO5M'TJQ3^UX/-
Z2) ?($NUMO7GIU'-=]/\ A\QXN*;EB%!J









M 4444 ?'NK(9=9U%P./M

M;BCZCGUXZTQ'=_&TNG^(^EW:VL[6RK.K3B
F
'RSP6Q@'I79?'ZWGF307B

M^-\6LZ#J&F#P]/ ;NVD@$OVI2$W*1DC'/6L&I\][&J:Y;'H?A $_!S3@H))T


MA;03;I9=IVH/




.^:<6_:7$TN4[K
M03_Q9RS/_4$';_IE7EO[/A!\3:B1_P! U/\ T



M3^ W5O&VF 



?AQ7DO@:.2Y\9:7]G!/E2

&Q)C+:GA
^OEL/Z
MBL7XG12OX9MY4!


$Y7;)*(_


M#6E6933$^TMR5@M8O*3/J6( '\Z\]A\3ZE%XG_X2!F1[MF.]
81D(P8_88_Q

B





M
1LE2%.#C@XZ5[;X3^(_@&W\



M*6K$2^8#.79LA?N\=3]*562-Y&XXVD#GKZ&H:.
\FD!+N3S'RH*]5P?\]:





KY(_
]*YCQF_FZA%.$*K=7\LRG/#
^COQ#_=L^D1THH'2BI&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


D***

*
S$



?L)'S[O%&\5[^?@IX./0:HOTO/_K5&WP0\
M)'I/JZ_]O(/_ ++1]:IA[&1X)O%&ZO=F^!GA@_=U#5U_[:H?_9:B;X$^'S]W
M6-77Z^6?_9:KZU3%[&1X?O%&X5[6WP'T;^'7M4'UCC/]*C/P&TW^'Q'?CZV\



^



MC]+R/\
MQI^VI]R72EV.3!&:Z'PUJCZ/J\%_'G=&'7CT9O]15L?KQQO5?['CY.
_:H





MM$TD'FO*[*3M R  !WKG] U36X-!\*:5HGV

JY.[(ZX';O2Y]

M\PP)&0CA


]:
MV+;1#::J+U+^X
8+8M2?W:AEVX'Y+Z]#ZFFG?835M]]HDD'[FVDSGK,/+7Z
M\\G\J6&#RW:5W\R=A@N1C _NJ.PJ:BK(BBBD


GDYZ[
].O7K5I9)+WQ:$


M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9ACDS]QORH\J3^XWY5\A7-[J*7



M?]Z&

 )\6O'B?\QI&_P!ZTB/]*F7XP^.1



??T;2&^GF#_V:IE^/.M#[V@::?I-

N








MY7XW^#VZIJR_6T'_ 
54J_&KP8W6;45^MF?Z&CV


M#NHZS)+(8VWW


M#FBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
XY- !165-J^)2D**0. S'&?PJ)M




M8Q:FDR+^QIFLDGCD229MC?9E!\P*[%4;T.2.G49%0'3KI+W['+T,^Q608P

:WGLK&021_9XI PY#


XK?.LZ9;)%-YGVBYA41B.T0PQE3-O.
C^Z
-QSN]J)
MM4TQ+GR;2[6&..VC6*^2)O


M]M=:=


MG\3GZ4-(F-235_4PDM)I#M2WF=MH?QDG;V/';WIK6TB2-X9%D.
(R$
?3C
MK7::A?10I8K:W2[_ +?%8DI)TAMV&UL_W26Z^U9


$^=ZQ
M(T849 P2W+

_  S[TNM6YO[
MS3979X8IU9);FY01N@$I7=*!P
9PI[XQ18KVFMCF/+!Z?C2;4(!##'KFNMOK

GODTVVGN;HV&I72QAC'.U](ULAS#
M&XQ\I&-V24!QGH.U'*'M.IRGE \BCRA6QJ'EW$%GJ(ACMS=M
&AC&%38_&!]

M3X/@_P&XXU69;J5QU;S,9K.52,311;/$O#GB?6O%Z+C2;N1(]P
MJ3F*8=

U<K#\,_4;1IXSD?.V1^-302IN[*J2<E9'HO:BL[^T'' 0'\Z
ME2_0_?4K]#F@DN44P31DX$BY]
T^@84444 %%%% !1110 5Y)KGC76AJTPBE
M



MDURW
5OPK%CU9&&%'XU834.<A03[T!

+K9W





8KUMO@'?C.S7K8_6!A_6J[_ 761]S5[ _5







5E)K-NW&S\C5J/4X7[$







MP[9YK

U8F9\KL

TDEFJN
MK 8 ZT[@:\.K(@W.


U;=K$LJY+DYHL!/=7=S<S1F\DMXT/W8P/F^IK


MS7+G;-9S6\-N00%M\.Q;MG/3FBX[
]EU'Q%':PL\AVH!U+8KF=4\;P6
'FM+
MMSPJIRS'VKR.]GUBP62'4YKC_3%
CQR2[MQR
 ]3.I^
M'(I&.2
=/?\ R::&=11113 *:SJ@RS!1ZDXKF_%&OS:6CB$A%2/?(^
D#VKR

M:R63+[F\USWW-FO)+/XB1N%

M8[J2Y:


MW^QH4;B&91[

M?-Z!J8UN8LE964^E9$^I#[QB /TQ42:V4'R.2!U5N: NC7DO=AQ(V?3(%.6\


3D
!N)]10Q$UCK5M DMO*

CQ-*8?#


M ^4GFGB


6HV_AZUJXM=7\61K+.D%E


M.\TW5_[




@^H]_6O3?BW:R7N

AIE




;

6=Q:!I4MPV^)3SDXYQWZ5RR6[
M1Q[)$9&'9ABI9+(@0Q![U94#;C%59$92
#O5B/( %2(0ISD5&S'.
58(.*A=
E #$G(EV$<5:S\O%5A$-^<5/R!3 3CO2



_*JL0V

?B





+EXV'41L 

$&&3 X.



M'X4#/8+^+RXX%..%P:JQQ#'([UJZH%98R/PK
';E+;7[5I.CDIGT)&!_2
MO3*\?GC)3*DJRG*D=J]2TB_&I:7;W0X+K\P]&'!_6J12+U%%%,85'+!%.NV6
M-'7T89J2B@# O?EC<9:W!MY.V.5_*N?NO#.HVK$B

MC%;-SHM];9+6Y91_$G-9LR%48


MHVW').


MUQ=P6N+@&64L



+V\L;$+(J
8W\<#7T<-NVR-7VG=V/K7=
M^!;*UTO68;FY349G





*Q5&A

-3B\W#2[(]XZY'?TJX_B2QC6 M93I%N^4C_EJ

JYX/'!Z]*&P/1










+VLD1X=%#Y'TJIJ?AC7&L9((9[=78Y:26-@6


W#M&LQ8@

*;1':T6&[M411Q#Y0H)9F(] !^II-(T^_UF:^N;5#<):VX$
M@

MVO+&&UDMQ\UV+?RVD7&

M<[J7PKBEF\Y+!/


4H!&/3! (KZ%





 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description of Business&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1190px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;NightFood Holdings, Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;(the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16, 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood, Inc., a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder, Sean Folkson.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All of its operations are conducted by the subsidiary, NightFood, Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&amp;#8217;s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better, healthier, more sleep friendly way.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify; width: 1128px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s fiscal year end is June 30.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Management is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements, prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 25.9pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization, the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock, and the website, income taxes and contingencies, among others.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: center; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company classifies as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: center; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments, requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px;
 text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: center; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market, including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: center; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company incurred advertising costs of $86,200 and $26,891 for the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: center; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has not generated any taxable income, and, therefore, no provision for income taxes has been provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.25in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides
 for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;A valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than not that the assets will be utilized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent and temporary timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company generates its revenue from products sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&amp;#8217;s and other customer websites.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;All sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition, when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists, delivery of services has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px;
 font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company offers sales incentives through various programs, consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At various times during the year, the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To mitigate this risk, the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30, 2015 and 2014 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360, Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value, discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals, as applicable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or
 enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. ASU 2014-09's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today's guidance, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017 and, at that time, the Company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has determined the effect of ASU 2014-09 on its ongoing financial reporting.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Going Concern&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Because the business is new and has limited operating history and relatively few sales, no certainty of continuation can be stated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 20.4pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;Customer&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Concentrations&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inventories consists of the following at June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 20.4pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 377px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 847px; text-align: left;&gt;Finished Goods&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;35,273&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;47,424&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;11,662&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,991&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;46,936&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;49,415&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Deposits on Product&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;23,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 20.4pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 438.75px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal
 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1250.4px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 50.4px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 250.4px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 49.6px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 900px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other current liabilities consist of the following at June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br class=apple-interchange-newline /&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1250.4px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 300.8px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 676px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Accrued consulting fees &amp;#8211; related party&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;36,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Imputed interest on related party note-Sean Folkson&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;37,072&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 4pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;36,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 4pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 4pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Short and long term borrowings&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On November 24, 2010, the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer, which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 20.4pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 8% interest rate, which is based upon Wall Street Journal (&amp;#8220;WSJ&amp;#8221;) Prime 3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; width: 376px; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Bank Loan&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; width: 15px; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; width: 125px; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; width: 15px; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; width: 125px; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style:
 solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;14,499&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;14,499&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4,007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4,323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Long term debt&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;6,169&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On October 16, 2013, the NightFood, Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings, Inc. Accordingly, the stockholders&amp;#8217; equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100,000,000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence, the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and, in the event of liquidation, to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion, redemption, sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be, upon issuance, fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval, subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends, if and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available, and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion, pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, assets, after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of, and unpaid dividends on, any class of preferred stock then outstanding, will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in that event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has 26,588,588 and 25,130,560 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2015 and 2014 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;During the year ended
 June 30, 2015:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.25in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 471px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1034px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;the Company sold 658,000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $164,500,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;and issued 261,960 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $65,490.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;and issued 538,068 shares of common stock for the conversion of related party debt of $181,483.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: left; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividends&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has never issued dividends.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has never issued any warrants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Related Party Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company received cash from Mr. Folkson, the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and related party, $15,000 and $26,350 in 2015 and 2014, respectively, to supplement the Company&amp;#8217;s working capital. These short term advances have all been repaid.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.3in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On May 27, 2015, Mr. Folkson converted the outstanding note payable of $134,517 into 538,068 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s $0.001 par value common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The amounts previously included in short term borrowings &amp;#8211; related party of $0 and 134,517 in 2015 and 2014, respectively had represented a Note Payable which was to be repayable upon Mr.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Folkson providing the borrower with written notice of demand, according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson was not permitted to demand repayment of the Note until the Company was profitable, and in a positive cash flow position. At that time, Mr. Folkson would have been allowed to demand repayment. The Company had agreed to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance would have been paid in full. Subsequently, on May 27, 2015, Mr. Folkson converted his note into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: left; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Included in short-term borrowings - related party is $5,000 which is a short term advance to the company which is expected to be repaid during the first quarter 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: left; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;During the third quarter 2015, Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6,000 per month which the aggregate of $36,000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &amp;#8211; related party.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: left; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: left; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/15.33px 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The consulting agreement has a term of one year, and then converts into a month to month effective January 1, 2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term, with thirty (30) days notice by either party.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: left; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1190px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;A reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 377px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 847px;&gt;Statutory U.S. federal rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;(34.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;(34.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;34.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;34.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Provision for income tax expense(benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; text-align: right;&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom:
 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; text-align: right;&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 376.078125px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;The tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1190px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 376.078125px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 377px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; width: 833.671875px;&gt;Net operating loss carry-forwards&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;196,982&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;94,423&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Non-cash compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;368,944&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;346,678&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;565,926&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;441,101&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;(565,926&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;(441,101&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;p style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;At June 30, 2015 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $566,000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2023 and 2022. For financial reporting purposes, the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30, 2015 was an increase of $124,825. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore, no reserves
 for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&amp;#8220;IRC&amp;#8221;). Under section 382, should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period, the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;As of June 30, 2015 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently, no federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;b&gt;Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1190px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Equivalents, Receivables, Other Current Assets, Accounts Payable, Accrued and Other Current Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;The carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures, Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt;
 line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal;
 font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;The application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described below:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 376.078px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 376.078px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015 Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Total Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr
 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; width: 551.672px;&gt;Short and long-term debt&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 110px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 110px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 109px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 109px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-align: right;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Loss per Share of Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1128px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260, Earnings per Share
 which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements, basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However, shares associated with convertible debt, stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There were no anti-dilutive instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;T&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;br class=apple-interchange-newline /&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1128px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company has not generated any taxable income, and, therefore, no provision for income taxes has been provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62px; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1128px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height:
 normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;A valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than not that the assets will be utilized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company generates its revenue from products sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&amp;#8217;s and other customer websites.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 63px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 62px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 1128px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;All sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition, when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists, delivery of services has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62px; text-align: left; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1128px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. ASU 2014-09's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today's guidance, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017 and, at that time, the Company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has determined the effect of ASU 2014-09 on its ongoing financial reporting.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 377px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 847px; text-align: left;&gt;Finished Goods&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 126px; text-align: right;&gt;35,273&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;47,424&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;11,662&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,991&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;46,936&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;49,415&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Deposits on Product&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;23,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 20.4pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 438.75px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;br class=apple-interchange-newline /&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-indent: 0pt; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; text-indent: 0pt; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 376px; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;Bank Loan&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding: 0pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;14,499&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding: 0pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;14,499&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal;
 font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;(4,007&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;(4,323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;Long term debt&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;6,169&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0pt; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; text-align: justify; width: 1190px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 376.078125px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 376.07px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 376.07px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015 Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Total Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:
 white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 63px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 551.67px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Short and long-term debt&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 110px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 109px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014 Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Total Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 'defref_ngtf_IncomeTaxTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_OperatingLossCarryForwardsExpirationPeriodDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsValuationAllowance'



MXE-+89?_1GEUGM)




M)0@*43D*4CD*4SD*5#D*53D*5CD*5SD*6#D*604*604*604*604*604*604*

M9!VCD'7\1E;6_Y=U\0Q02P



L5R*V.V:SGVL7.U49V[M



O87!P+GAM;+U636\:


M-%
:6S1Y74N=RUM1A*%C.,Y032MCHS-N*-/.X[,:0%=(TH
M`N:M3K5Q%


.\3K^E!(OY,C;P1.IQ
MCTN+<7OB6A,0SMAYF2;NUHE1OBBX\N`SH<U-N0(?GA=FW`KN78UAO(O?39J

@:+2.C):9Q7/9UO+V
P/I
M%.#3J







$%`````@`-H$^1PB(A!8^`0``:0
``!$```!D

V3P4[#

M4[$S@J_#40ZJ;T]___1`&99TE?N@^ZJF:4;-A.KBP#E[6SP^T]FDV@041D)4

MTG918P47[I8TBI9+GP12$*37#K4U%^$(\TU
L+#[^`2)EX
Z(5VV+;2-]2J4

M$P```'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_#`J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK`


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!

U6
M;6O;
!#^*T(9HX41VRE-Z6H;1B$PV
J@^=!O1;9E1Z`73SYG3G_]].+822!K
MFZVC_J+3H[OG'IWDL^

U4UE6:E5%H0
M
%-=!4VM*2D:&R1X



\TW#



MC;F!_[L\)R=WT%TK
JH7KB^^7M+%U?-'YEY.?#SS979C\J[E39_O]+^]D#


$%`````@`
M-H$^1RE!73;^`P``]PT```\```!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6R5EU%3XS80@/^*
MQB^E+TTL.X'+7&ZF$+AFAAX,R7#/BJW@'63)E63@[M=W99.R)FJ./,5VK$_2
MZMNU]-G-GHU]W!CSR%YJI=W,SI/*^V8V&KFBDK5P?YA&:OQO:VPM/-[:AY'9
M;J&0U.TM=1^Q

F7SVZV
M!27OI74(9J)IOHE:SI

Y+.CP/`B<+#
MDUR+S3P9)TRTWER!\M(NA)=?K6D;T`_(2M@6K/.K



M9=J'BH(N4`RCH

*/@K36T%`&0%EOPM//Z$23IF


=($C^;



M0*`V9Q&;8X2U?/&M4`
.E3F+R'PP[?


M#CQ@M$I=X+
;?6U$MS?OR;OCRI=_`5!+`P04``````V@3Y'=QZZ6XD``!_



B.U+7R))7?
MK=-/346\?Q^\_]#IRO`/F)


6+5Z[
V7%F:FX`L`8T$E$P20DL(1P*,)@F1)41?

MX(@`TK=3`/DN.M)T]+W`SB#[Q%[@XCF0P@?0PA-CJ&FQ_/TZ)%NC)M(TQ-7
M?`:Q-8AT7B!VL2:GCT*M!H1&P&#@/$J#((%?R)QRB3:R6HB#X.`P;QZE1(
M#1].2%@(FI?(G!*9X3NKQ4I8R()R63DE5G:Q)R0L))F7@(%30YNEAW19
!D

M971S+W-H965T

MWJFZZ&[U7C7FGXUNZZ(WC^TV[/:M*M9C4%V%P)@
ZZ)L9LOYV/;0+N?ZM:_*
M1CVT0?=:UT7[9Z4J?5C



M
NND)2V$`61)]+F:S*HF0S6.;E:9GYKLO]1P9C6$L=G


7;+Y&1UPK$
)H8QAXGD$Q6!
MSR*PFR:79


MX7A=Q)R_K@\3YY*YKN3

M8#=/0-

3U


M^1


MJ^O6T.^I8J7@O]I*-P86AT'%:GKB^DV


M8O-_?WSK7X


@7?P%02P
$%`````@`-H$^1PB4


KT8D)]=O2ND


M-$%=&^$X3J.N;OJP+






R&:]7]XOD:.8WH&A`
M9P.`H`%#`_9FP((&'`WX;$3H(%``_%F0
9:.NUCY?*B+W;;UERC[E(
_03W
M%F\')]9S9


MD3








M#2[+=



M!S+E6#6RM;7[L%6W[L/N
Z-1J0O$!1SO_OL-I..H$R


-SO=UD5O'MM]W!U;56S'H+J*
M
4ED7!=E

T.76]KEW(+*J+7_9:-N/U;+])4PKS!R`%X4`
]*X(S0B1-@L+F3.9`N./<3GA`#AG*)X+$MZ





W4;#6!^!U$Z?&
M^6.V`!Y\8PZ8@DBGB/(;*93P@0G!;^5`CD@A+S4@22_7O)?/8-PBR9M#7\


*XW=4)+-$
*K7KA]MTV+^VP;4/O3ZZ?OWRI\'J?U!+`P04``````V@3Y'





V9%
*]^LT5.;]'S2
\_IV^O


MEE82$9*KDI25_GWYD!2[

MW-[A`-K_:=$H[GQJ.F8'`[R))59GF6?F.)TZJ
M6=3E3@Z*30\&V)'I;CY

M&I+OS8%FP0)(J%U0X'XYPQ-(&81\X]^SYGO+0+R


9)0VT?)3N!:=O

M^?Q/$W:QIPI
%Z^.)36.VJ4M7:OK[7S
XYF\PZMRX!W\X*83VI(3.G^R\0!:

$%`````@`-H$^
M1RB7+[FA`0``L0



V=*DNM_,V
MCV?R2^+GK?PAYM6:$L.Z/S)Q@-H$!WX]MG5-26=?S]+(J%Q(;SQL4E7*B4.
M^_F!+*^T_`M02P
$%`````@`-H$^1]U+`)6E`0``L0

J($W@:0DRY+DGBDN!EJ5H?:LJQ(G*\4`SYJ822FN






M

9)0VT?)3N!:?O
(]P&P1K

ML]OL/-P$$:]







MDPD39%\N/3[.R
YV5('IX\6QI


Z%\+N/3;I0*7$XGI['^D;K_U!+`P04````


RYX



M!\$&I8U?TDS6H5HIEC^EE:AXSJG/\7#0KM-R!=OA$^9]%X:A1M?N&.UY7!




M#SXVZ4JEQ.&X/I#ME=9_`5!+`P04``````V@3Y'9R8W#*,!``Q`P``&0``

L$*I0E?4HW&HEHHEC^%E?1AW6*

.
61'

MAAS1NI





4^TV(5\(^4JXSZ+QUC:_
H=
MKRN#


F
.V6;OFK+/55@^GAU


$%`````@`-H$^1Y)'3_FC`0``L0
`

9LR*8$[]:HN
7J-G@9[]FYY?TO/H
)\=_H?`



M2P
$%`````@`-H$^1W]X^+VC`0``L0

MO(BN=Z'`JI*MO$8HT%:@)@;:`WW8[(]%0$3`+P&3O8A)\'Y?`W)C^9`LV`!
M)-0N*'_G.$1I`QOO';K/G1,A`OXT7]6YS6NS]QX\H?XO&]=YL1DD#+1^E


MS*O?;)'36_0\TO//Z=MK^C8YW



P$/T5RQ]0
)50T!F!'=%0[^G]
M:G?(/(`?@D8S5E


ON!%
MWO
&?G+=B

MB[]02P
$%`````@`-H$^1^_2H%*B`0``L0


]B(FP?L)\34DWYH#
'4LJ7'4+FWI6EUOYT

M2GK_?M9$0NM^,G')EVIE#@
!


M?=CLCT5`1

^$?5\SJ+QUC:_




M
8K?'1[%S1CH
MY`^

NB'0.F.!&:@ND7E?\@@G13HK\UYE^

`O

F^06H/4



M-.S22]OJYM7YVGB.3:_\E-?5@
[X%^+GKA?@P*3JN*8QGAB36/&CIRP`K;K8
MY@G!)ZF'A1ISV^KM1+)ANKGFZ[/^#U!+`P04``````V@3Y'?UG;9*8!``Q




MB_KW.*UW?^(6GE'^$8WKO=F
D@9:/DKWBM


M='






UF




M\Y!]:




J$M.:'SDXT#Z!`=^/39W3TE@_\_FR.A<\'\
MY&V3GE1R'([K!]E^:?T/4$L#!!0````(`#:!/D?^]$@CL0$``!8$```9````


2FC8B2$VK
MJO
6--:OT&*G,R\B@F0ABF)--1[_+#:'3*/(`_#`9S



R.(4U^T2/$2/0WT]#I]?4E?QX3KZ)YEUP4VEP*;*+`9


MF996$F&2JY4E?Y]^;`4NS0B[B[FIF=Y:
8T1QM!^#(IY+:;FGG7+]AS%8=



M/(;DM=[2+%@`94+MPO)]B#E$'(-_XX:WZU#




M

ICV?R!2^+GK?PBYM6:$L.Z/S)


H)S:OM`1QY5U+;`^V=&_:


;
M2%*2Y5EVSQ07FE9EK#V;JL312:'AV1`[*L7-GR-(G`YT0Y?B^AZ%PJL*MG*






MPZ0O]LCE?I#RS1F_ZRV.7`K`H#).@=KE4PYH1LX+^SYCFD(U[N3^H_?;4V

MA9

Z$]$SPK2
A
U_7#VIHD2LY(3U0=]GQQL*5$['*
MR!:C;9^\IO*=*O)CD43KG!R=T!4F\9A]P


%LH(F(?
#L/7J#*@DNSA\7._
MR



M;(53RV[;


M/0HOFMKB1-PHXF67ZPW420HD]










M0AE!@W.TPO=5351%4'D8QBR$
BS&IIFCS`!$V6%06ZKVJBJBRSCUGR198\

M:&5E='

BYX;6R%E-UNFS`8AF_%X@)J
)!
$4%JF*KM8%+5@^W8

38
1_
M6&U:QM'J(:&GKAYD<

M
AK(Q9!D7QK2T9!^



RYX;6R5E
N.FS`8A5_%
M8M\Q%^
H$4&:4%7MHM)H%NW:2:@L3&UG3!]^_H&32KJ!N
S3G'WV]C%Z.0



(U+0A%Z9?Q?B5AA)R&W@23+DG
8E6D.7O

8O`B#

.8!






X@FPD9F
7SD&PR)'

M-4QJCY9EOF1Q]!C:.2B(TN5=+?CJ6G3D!#\(/]6M0'LFU0TS%Z%D3()R\5\2




`9=I+N[V?[&MI4#F-1%+`Y]YQS+XZO


MF\M%5*)I+)-1_NU)WS5MX

M?A



M@R$.LP$


MUKI8!G66CF
9?.





M`=;$MK%/\QM[-'#M[9VF+$[\('[P_E!W*GJ1VC1)U\OV4FIA?*$'4_6C.;R





.$&K/J

)'4&
M24VZ\4@)I#;=\1I()]=`YC22V4PBEQ-#W!C



A6Y#7;]Q%CZRW=.`








M7CD2%THQ_WLPH:#XSO3PEM;-U(ON%GJSKZRI=)EG6(0W5PCOX^WVF%$?QJ

&XAUH$%(\+\HN(B)*.3Q4$4?]AGVYGG


M)D8!C($&.Z'LKMW(NH2GY4M!_(BPCDD3$L?F\)Y=
FC
/SQ&M_Z)29`%4)
`+T!7@SQ?4/B#<D_!N#(
M[+X^8X6K4O`ID



MH:R`Z`Z.DZ5I'$?Q8QPTBX/\625WSLII/BWS^




M@9=J?Y#=0%`6P;5N6S6T%15K/4YW2_\)/:YQWDFTXG=%+^+3O=?!OS+VUCW\
MW[]L&.@-=W(SH*HRYFN:5UW3NJ7_QK3C]_LC_?#^[?]705_BL1=
WJ/]56
M'A1MZ'M;NB.G6KZPRP]JYI!TAAM6_WI;4YLF8H\;V&O/?7JM772_]-DIHR

M$!D#$++7K'I-E-HEZXG$BA&#&+&NSZ
;%/$\Q41BI4C`U4S
8D3S!BDXC=08

Z3

\MC.`EP[-#RV.&_Q51C1X$S`<.KR9Q()EH

M2P
$%`````@`-H$^1WHJ




M8?HI(7*$Z$R(3:76F:GK!Y*H+#@;@1B0_MCA4L&Y%E'*0!4C5)^



(SC;W'26SCA+KZ#'XQ%'R

Q@G
/[EK)92YFS-)LIMY8L

MG09^^1]02P



MRTZ9#3Q40X




0M_
%(%=VHH


RPG\.*0?]X,?
M5V^W/5R/^#O4E65



N;F2LBEPFXE*I6I;_
M%%QNL6JB[XL

MM(@X`R#?%66`-S?S.


M[%@IG.15\'NL9@$!32;(J90HY42F]_$XDV)+Y+(2Q50`C(H'VA?\L3D


K/=S`#M=V`#<S$NRK)X``0-3GN:W./E[XC'IQ*MJ5:OWKP&#YCM
M@6\+H,Q'=HETEU;(V!3AY@1$)8R3^:1C0J+.69$ELE1?BD1.TTE:A83I*R8




*.L.W]0I:D[:T029?YI)A+]^`*\'Y@


M(
2!UW?K\0'R]$T
!2HA4#4ZLX0T`9C:$]=
N
G-Q3:ZU^@3?!`$EM.K<_YP\<\?+[\_?7MQ
M=7O3Y2I@:PH_2!!VH,0BF46@&!A)`6=8RKA\PK,23:#NIV[JQ2(CA@$2\#Q5
M$R#?NI1-[N'Y'SN]&RPZWQ1E\*O1@WJTUT[]YLSR5=S%.;+:ZQ+4G'01N5S





N!^.7?_S4XWY1]OTB!1(UP0.U2




Z
VD-[EZ@N




M-C\]=L1


=XD?FH1@D(MI$/[@.V:4
M



M'UD&R&
8.!U!*X5+

Y[-?3

MB8AI8Z^1`G'(2DL/T\H@,E!+[T.6%M@PUBOF%D1#+:8.'\`V?
[C^DZA
!

M.%6H:?*&^R*N`2088]#



HX!2F'VKPB





@*4QR
Q%MQ.S
M_@J7/&'L0%-JXN8-!\%$
@:@*PY6R9XM-SE!ZEN2AC:=]6IR%;Z+\QHM/RYV
M.F*O6FQLUQ0=;6T]


M%AQK@ZOT(8C+DM9Z1_CI&)F-90V

9/!0`C1BHBF@



M^+Y0?7DY\K0
(\$ENZE
TLE`O-:^*XIMFE049`J`)C@Y$C69J*@NVCPXD/7D
M)

1A(H4?0#K]H&='10T

391KT)'X4

MA^P/1




QTY$Q^0.:4W



Q






M_+1D7P^%XV$@A1.3Q/$7#IU*TGSL(9@MD
'T`V[OIBHE\(+O0.]$^8$^H1]N



3MUY0]_V4'
8*
M]PB_;Q[MZWXOPVCO\*25W+BZMT9/97)W-74_H9X






&

M:'QC23K`3T[S)/@AX+#2A_5GFS;G%6SVS$

M[J1G(9J8[H:C:/92B)6TF
68'*&5Z4GBLPLCUU)MF@)WBUPB&EKZDE(\*PIH

80OLQ7N<
MV`F6LQ[2H



9N^5:

OY;/-22)^4*-7CX'X\XK,O-.0.D*E*1P
MPZB-A_CU2



6^N_P_U=7-L\,7
M2#8E0=EM<Q7D`5YX?\[LB\45'OA:'Y@%RD-LF#DE'\A9<4'(7N4#1OC76*T


GGM372E.'O9:4U]D2]`UR82QO$73MK![X`





MMM(%_RTS#


M?2T+M/JB$X_1

?/HR0W





*J4)+5=)S@.





M+

4Y





?S72T4QV1
ML;G`VI$3V7PRG*T_A8ULPX[V12QY=!\VIX

HKVS-0
M5[&3)8J9W-16PFH\5O7P:_P]-[=^&H#L[LRKW+[156-*1Q&14V
Y'N5`H:YD
M^PBBQK1WX*7!JZ8_'=O(QN5DIFNH`8HL`!I*6TG@YW+L5FKZ%5R,J/WWGN

M4:6H;/0X'6'SEXV+N

M@HI:[@H!&\WD9UL1R


M]H9
DUA3.P
M^'<TVF]EO_+$+P(^]_PRH(M\REX*U*[H_]COS]W_'_N^/^_WO&_]P5`[1<`




MW&CK)2'KOM##[J
O6/OG=Z3_!ZG
[7GZ-M:
4W%`!L0Z?@=H$KQ:`!N%!5*X




MEP6[TC

9/3!=_UC
%=/5H





S!@1Z00(``%P)```-````````````````:4/``!X








M965T

``!D`````````


2YX;6Q02P$%`,4````
M``V@3Y'W65/9Z




M1W]X^+VC`0``L0

O

&UL4$L!`A0#%`````@`-H$^1_],N=C`0``L0
`


YX;6Q0
M2P$%`






4``````V@3Y'5YFWP*4!``Q




``!D``````````````(`!=E


M970R.2YX;6Q02P$%`,4``````V@3Y'EJT0KJL!``#R`P``&0``````````

P+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(

M971S+W-H965T





S+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`#:!/D=R#[XPY@$`

S0N


M:&5E=#




M:&5E='



4``````V@3Y'70K`%_8!``&!0``&0``````````````


=;F=S+GAM;%!+!08`````

`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











176


499





176


499





007)


323)





169


176
































































Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.




























Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3



































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







June 30





196
94
368
346
565
441
(565
(441
101



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











588
588


130
560



















000







000









Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014
































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deductions. Including
 but not limited to
 extraterritorial income exclusion deduction
 qualified production activity deduction
 dividend deduction
 deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan
 Medicare prescription drug benefit subsidy deduction
 and other deductions.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&#160;&#160;Because the business is new and has limited operating history and relatively few sales
Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for reporting when there is a substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time (generally a year from the balance sheet date). Disclose: (a) pertinent conditions and events giving rise to the assessment of substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time
 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











923





































A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











200


891



































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015











Concentration risk
 Percentage




































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











273


424





662


991





936


415







000
































































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Gross amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items used in storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods that are targeted for sale to end users.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







Management is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company&#8217;s financial statements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company incurred advertising costs of $86
200 and $26
891 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
The Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides
All sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
The Company offers sales incentives through various programs
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&#160;&#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&#160;&#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&#160;&#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&#160;&#160;At June 30
The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09)
 which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or
 enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. ASU 2014-09's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today's guidance
 including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2017 and
 at that time
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&#8220;ASU 2014-15&#8221;). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15
 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











000









072





000


072
































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Aggregate carrying amount of current liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer) not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Includes costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014
































176


016





176


016








































176


016





176


016


































































































































































Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.




























Fair value of financial obligations
 including
 but not limited to
 debt instruments
 derivative liabilities
 federal funds purchased and sold under agreements to repurchase
 securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
 financial instruments sold not yet purchased
 guarantees
 line of credit
 loans and notes payable
 servicing liability
 and trading liabilities.



















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











059


028



Accounts receivable ( net of allowance of $12
923 and $0
 respectively)

528







936


415







000





086


500





609


973





609


973












221


555







072












000







007


323





000









517





228


250





169


176

















Common stock
 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 26
588
588 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2015 and 25
130
560 outstanding as of June 30
 2014
 respectively)

589


131





666
832


256
816





739
208)


372
074)





788)


127)





609


973




































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment within one year or during the operating cycle
 if shorter.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).

























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3



























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











134)


144
325)












490


019
640





923







421)







479


415)





586)


500)





666


648





894


910












146)


577)












500


000





000







323)


308)





177


692





969)


115



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

028





Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

059


028





















369












517

























































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period
 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.






















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of common stock
 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.




























The net cash inflow or outflow for borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014









Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares issued

588
588


130
560



Common stock
 shares outstanding

588
588


130
560



Common stock issued for cash
 shares

000







500


000



Common stock issued for services
 shares

960







490


019
640



Common stock issued for conversion of related party debt
 shares

068





Common stock issued for conversion of related party debt
 value

483





Voting rights
 Description


























































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Description of voting rights of common stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015




















































































































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











May. 27
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014



















000





Common stock
 par value


















517



Related party payment
 Description





 on May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted his note into shares of the company's stock.











000





Interest expense
 related party





894


911































000


350





068









Common stock
 par value












517













000




































































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































The cash inflow associated with collection
 whether partial or full
 of long-term loans to a related party. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances to Affiliates.



























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







10
14
10
14
(4
(4
6
10
176



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.




































begin 644 0001213900-15-007382-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`:!/D=J0D3*Y6X``-.B!0`1`!P`;F=T9BTR,#$U,#8S,YX
M;6Q55`D``V=!#%9G00Q6=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%UY;^
XEO]_@/D.V@S0
M

M@X`U'A`:CMOT$+L78Q@59)`.)5P86&8;49+1Z
59(+^_?TU

MQS4)GX:'3$RP:]R3Q+0\1-2BGH


3/0K]Y

#CK$!$J7JD]:3TOC)I'TS

L1]/M$*#\5:,UGQR?RJ1FHX;
M].WR'5/N]0R3J@JNEC-IYPK6%%)MSYCO/+N=+.P<M9]C]+N(T-^0$^#CT?C/
MS\!_1*W^ZM^PHX0@W'9N3L


_Q'P`TO1*K^
M[6B(P^`\_7P[A&`.
8F8/(NJ[1WO:(U8I&5V`_ZJ`SZ[XFMN6!+F!@\S163F


64/PQNH/L$
IBY'%1_)NWSW@;

MN]Z`N%FOS4M2ZA7--/K%E`^#!
'I;GG1
CYR03IS1!B;DK'W-B:'9T+2K_$#




FP%RX*W2

75*%2J:1C&K+I-`RD):D$V=EJJJN2!RJ\D




M=_+!F[-7O9Z0UC#;2F)&SL%2%MSR5/3;&OJ2GG-X&#KQ@
`F&\P*OG&WKJ


K6^K9JB2HZ0FHGF8E?F[$$KU])**
MZ6N+J/X*4[$KK)(Q2NRR3QFP6@=B%W3*^`KCYS7N)1T\[FROLQ63TZX;?$H




R_['WR/)O=@(];/7\4
MLZ7IR0%
]5\






)5/&*LL=E-K7+0VU-::EZ.[&A8R6



MLV)VB/D
]$)XQ9=K+WO\
X7OT^U

J;


1Q/%-T]$K:CK@JFG)R_ERH:JC,*&
M(O5IDY7)F*.]NL2%N5.SM55CME1EVK6#&R54518/QE*#O.WA*+L[U.&2;KI











9+[P(=N701.V)!Z
M'`W0.`0'L

:&2]


7

M`G)

LY&F:`Z`-Q(P=TZ_5:8L[-








G


M!'8
ZGD`H..1M#$
+1`@?@O^#GCW?XH'^Z+-$W*:.&=KSE[;L/B5U*0Z&0,
MYG'+X\`)D`



M/`WN!=P3`BA!Z`P(/\BC!();(`2L
IAZX4T(#X)B+('M\_OPF\)0LK&7(79J
M09UA0*T^8GAG%K=/^S,XLXL[B9$AEGL\HRGN(1J[CN.(@ZGRC.G8&L:5#&

M


&\)H<2`@`8@BV\M;QX5-/)N9XV6;
MHKO<14E9%MRB`8G6B/M\E(S2BS5!SV/MMHZ188!?-T!C=,&@AED=';,RTMM(
M;W,@J3WK4N(C9#!O@:N:V3XODB@8Q[EG1#-TB7L@I!D?BK;A&<V9%(6RS@O



MD:=&GBX;




4(GUH@!8X%
M5N='U9%5MTIPB.LZ/L@9`<\CE(;\(


M$GY]LD-7QP@^7#8?+'K$;+22NU9-V[FVU23#-\**:0;=Y+X*K#L\=B;X!]Y
M145M+G$3AP^QF)+J9BU20Y]RO:@1NX+P@!WA\]HZP=1YX$&D[


M#1)
6`L&`Y!Y
FEJ6G1;F



X+(':^/0T3.Y5%EB'[6=C9=%TW$*8ND1G(?8P?YX\4MQ*2-T;5X`'%
M]R&T1P3EB`Y#OE(5.M!-J8E-H1
=%43P1M3J1B4;S7A`ZLU)](V$-@Y\2
MLJTATU5
620A(C

M;M3JZJC5QK!F#&OF]F$

MQD&
\ILJ&T=)_R]5@%AI#%30.FJ)$KJ!D-95.HDH@VR+B1!05E4'J1)@



M+J

X6C4DFIU58S=$N#



%%)
B2\^BX7R
/#@

?$@ED2V2$3ZJ-+N3GB78%

,J+PZ$2AT0.-'GBVM,O
MN=!.D6L6&08^_.TP4XA[GQ1Y[UN_@[HBF2A%1-#MLLH69V]X?U






\B2.TB-1=2QA=
9B.R(W8')
M&$XV[NQ#

FXBV







M-#*992JU&31V.IF!4@VFB]IFMYX/*UH4*??/GY+H\L&VQS_?P?Y%!=_VX^R&
M_#E`DK+H'G;S*UMOOWZ_-D__8=X\#/M&+EATE^)=/#AQO\Z^*U^/OKN_][
M^[71_/I;XGU%&.\;C:_B_^\_?6TWX'L?O^^FWU_\BBZ_/$D0J/.+1YJ6Y$S
M52MTJ(Q([?JJ9J*3C^;*8]5L6

MT=@3/DB6JT$WW6_^;[0
J%_T2G]2;
HUPVRA*+S01YA`'2@





MJ%MTQQ@69EKVJ2#A
&4.FY@7]IU^=QPJ0UGU17L6^1:&`C
MMSPKPPCW:V68


M^8[F$7P/0]`'&9;$(Q2R$%F)KX:C&.P_
2QH)#O]!DFHBE'A-&G=*8I1L

8


M+=+YB;%O-3E.A!'.

M5.G(5B#TKICPC/4]K33TR84-6;.`5EAL%*/`8LZ4-PHWMJS5(.'1W3INP$18

5FZEV0WCMFWE5^-%((8C7EU*V62?48=
=+A`A&-)'Z^


WL(8BYM
M4IF992KN.D(##WPMBG-.U?L48'%*


M^Q.)S*P

M


U\3JE9':#!.Y]BT7%-K;;<E!T



M3@4EX@J])O

JDB*0(8A4_5);

MJ+*3*K


M

[I.6&W*QG6D\*ZWN_6B<Q-2O)MND.-*6

M!=ZW*/#/35DZV)[=-LLY%OJ4
Y9]RH:K6N.JM6/:[$X1DA?'=KW='G]?^NY8

ZVTU5=^])''*#%
/Y]L+YGC\SO*^(

@)]<ZM5R7]G^-Q&WY^%CHAT@UE+%J+U_
M)S:PU!C[-?<GI95[7P\Y&UAOOS,GH4Z3X
!=[#!@:QT%UF#)*0@#&T\+
9W


):=


1\$XM?_Y$07D'0+'8
M^BU(0BQ&J_=
_O/N-[U7LO4YA#59[?I5U_K1^NPED=6!OW\D
&!DP:Q@\+]!

9*.O_W(MSF@'$2GB/




QD?!HFN8.S7/&
SQN3\3F3\:FQ!RW5SWK#!MSA\:KX

I(0U



JRNO4Z&26RU0^
BZF*
M@``_B/']X(FYO\#0OL.$&!QF\-HP^%^`I'BB\CN#)(YBN+E1D05]-8[M6XQD

.I%E
!Z78YMD'P7FQH!#!
0O);+'
\.LWH
KP([
M)'2\49
A=/C%(
$W/?9`E1SL1YM[Q+BQ$`
.4@H!3$VEYX=VK*'N78P(FYL<]=*

$:$


M*6;1#X



MX8O4

I]@F?
M8I=1
G^.+]+7+F


J!`L0G-2-(
M0DU_F'




-U
ML]:Y;INX'G
U






D^B7CL<<H_:4,B?96MH1K:4IPR3SGL$$X%)FWWT:9$&

QB=8;/HPM7*'9RAAZJR@O:3;_UN
M3ZS6E0A=K^FB58:RB!SQ?-:@C\G!8WMW(L6MJ=6K=YA1V8@X)(F3+Q.#?_
MQ@2

#X[0
XEHQ:NU/0H2/Z;B

M?-W

W;I+^A'
!K.B?258
M3C



M/


]OV)Q3B5M]9D
M0.5*^QJETUS_S/7/G



MOULA:`R1




B3$S

\
:.FK??
84=6H1


20R9
_)`[\L4B0;O2?EP^*M=09RGJ+-(C-J+.
M





MHVGX\`T0!IC*]6M$\OT_632SU?AE%``-//X-=T`





*\9)A9HF.GG3O&(@V`R)%XMFXWA^

MG)Z9G*G/UU0UO4;:[:
MAND6%(?S9@\%@Y;(%).2WHL=;DY!;*=@2:@LZ61/2'&`;Q%-7Y(8N!&_V6I


&%W

M
E.WROQM4Y9/FS4;T
U8]CU+)T/-%1^0^ND\'K+(BYAU)IO78DQO1?;.YB$&




MPAP&GT#0PX=/Y




M$901L]']


E(-=SW*&!49#M]YF;W+


P_9*7
M)!,1#(ZSU'`$L31EKE(/:2B`9QP;+7F6$X1AT`]\E3V)_I#TK[GVK%=-TRT

MJ(8DHS&]6U--9=&O]\1CK

B3?
M6

)E)AT
_Z+)OU5D3WH.)-Y@2;'6W6
MN\43?^JVGEP+O5*@?$P9,RBZ)TD7UA1(VH@S$=BA


M*]7%

M1:K&IY7J^%T+XM;

]]3I.RINR

VX8LABR&
M+(8L91+Y^;/59?+.FDMORXHE!&TK%;2DRV]#-UIFIZQ





M;__Y4Q)=/MCV^&=TW).S_@V/'^@+O7W`,(K+W^_?K\V3_5@V_MT(=#&'UF




B]6;#N.P#1V.!O`NP`AK4*N&B@C`/#4N8[4N7;$N8[P7%L\DL.+
MKJF@*'+<R$#I6+P*7^)\8F?!0S8H'/8#K:#/%P:.)H9.4AB@
:GT=PDQ/_@


M0@9VB9FHA^.0





89PG(;24I1]4')T4Q


G)!E$XD`.S[F/D1?-B
M*
5+A!X93WGKQ`E
`-A)/%(D

A-\13O]?^J)&[SS:7B)^QZ!ID(N7CAT-TW#3F2#?
M6HH`$)


MOH'0M8*0/X!@]T!IBD&=((V%M)20


5))U*G=SE<WV1<L+2<-UY=_V\%S9=W8&LZ1J40\BF4*
M/FS^;_8#\O`@`8
O%?PU2@9CSTN+:[$E-

M\NAK
I==&

@GY+EWVOOG!DX^#9$*%?1]+L26*
M9B`@6*4BQ#1Y++QAP1TO?)#QYQ&)1O171[
Y_-G
'^:3A*&SW+B
]5]_`#



#UJY[M5:C
M0?/^T.K5KF^:I&:H`DR1!3(97@8!QZPV7(51RM'3*`;QBAN-F8/%;KS))G)[



*WH8437'6PK/EM%G.`
MP^CWD(O:='US!J)TNP\MO_I%SV$UE
FK(:\J/JR*I;)3C$=0'T?5!2!SR.


M(Z(:N2\(`Z(?/J

P2M`0V
MBD/5T2G


@OHIK0
M%V'%Q[E-H&35'?IKH&ZCE+A5ZMDNRX776







M
`LQR:K_PZ-MK@@7_
@:4RFF9
MI^;3



MR./+L&I4O5SR+('$:XZV;SI@S`W9SVQ1*;AD'FB5IGH$Q5E29#]18-17*!




M_H1



M%EA


M$DJCTJIHSWD%GD-16F


:B-.F



M(.:3_F

3CWT:I*V)7HM5W.-$NS!)N?P1





^4Z].


Z+^YK

S=(ZK2OZU<S%\'4HV-P5U2`Z311M;L`Q$55F20_D.Z-S#VSK(M%

;:9G;//M

X7N^JV!\R


6SL$
Y/HSQOQ!;N@]CV\/&P1.\'9TD
M'L[4@+ANG$&-A$^3R!Y9_Q!CBW]1J*;T%1.]SRGS\[[!;8G:G3Z&



'Q2B*@C'


];9';L&1N^7.(^?






\:5K


MW`.HR&G_B9GPH!TKS`L:^2Q`U!:I8`BZZQO0L=&R.%?[@+1LW%2.EB4XVB(!



3P[F0;YH83@/#PDE.UPIC8CC/+OS)D*4(
MB.?/#&$J21A#%D
G_N
M9BU&D/-[R1IJ%)]JE37*E@



CV(C1Q_=JH7S4R-
Q;@[[6
M]S[
`7QZ\H[[/`+4_3L(W*APE;?1UT\#;3UEZ\R^UP#^X^Z-#F_CXM?.5:?5
!]H;;4;

`?L
#-Y^@(








^R$


M5I'WON/[RY^[;:O&[UKC;UMM/PE$$E1RD>,QX(=V.YTFU
M(#A!F

M;_09*!ACFX-`]TFYJ%MW23^V4B?J%F@(@AK=95C5JVUZS?P[KU+O^1?+

#3&

$=RH6'1%8/2A!!+@_X*;'-W9^J


M7W$5&&:]&^3/46W7AF*K\1B'%4[=WI3?=ZXLHDOW[/OY/`Y+A0
H0!Z0V+


K:O:MFN[.5Q?TI*^K<BH(Z'Q

MRLKI3-7)V#8%9Y
GJ&I!\PJ=AMDZUP-V+\M=B:3%R^UVN]?7[:TN5\_6P8P)



?6HU&

M`.UX```5`!P`;F=T9BTR
#$U
#8S

5G5X





MIRS6`U_P^)/0AMW^(



M1:VIYF%$BJ'!\5)L\*(8(JWL(0=1=INE/I'+I@`&7$1=C\%7&Y8'Q





M7U2?6&&&Q*ODE4M9[5@XM6JE0=2$^A9YPCM*YFJYOX*I-LV5)&LC&%MJVN?V



8G5NB5RXX8YRHT4Q05UWLB(\:=
)^4K28&RJ
6LV
M\Q!K9+A5;8%..9.D?#GIUKT#5#


MG!?YQ#C9EW[=R/^(GN/I*\/GF?:
HXC#=AP*-35=BPO378=.=MW/U*62&Y^N

W`^UF8



O+JJRRK--(CT+NKF)*-



MTG_']WZ_[O5W=YKE;1[9;Y8+4/M#K5.AA)'#8*ENO2KYU.\CNIRJ]PN&2W40
MH_%&A@W4[5A5$?4=1407#GVE:72^5H


EWP*LA8AB.;





(6P3-
5(JR;E\O[Z2
MB0D$ZV)L(]&^&:.]O9:6[GMC?OW]99X&3Y`R1/!I)SSH=P*(8Y(@_'#:^7I_

^%

M_7Q8E`U[?]V
[N(9G(





MH_36JX%&7$


M



7F4F(%\7#ZEG
1$M.
7?IGF
M9J(WP0=Y\?Y]2AA
3CNB.T)W(BU:]9#





B<%1)5S$U5=(=1-T-%E/7Z<L#['7E;XW2+V+?S

:;


M
[$U-*Z<XCO:5P=/L:6U,7&8CQ#99L=3536?OZY]8TI4W,:?
M@WQ&RE4
\J6#/=[*V;'U;`ILW?B0WKDMCJ7-YM*W+U9.JYB
R[_-PN[WK%5


RGN'


*%VLE%3=1VWD


MQC2/J2^R2`2IG)'V1

MLI/6S$WN:#U);'GM7^YH0X.NG5\WN:6M#KKVQ/W)/E74A6S:[`PG-P!C2
?3



MP!\$T^+C.6!(FQ3;RG


MP5N3
33PE$X^&TTL9UV$%3W]8^1=3:%@B3V(%36KE7R#@`UCSNU#*

$%`````@`)H$^1W9^$.#5
M-0``C``#`!4`'`!N9W1F+3(P
34P-C
P7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``V=!#%9G00Q6


MLJ65U#WO1L=&!XI$J;AFD34D2[;FUR\2/(I5)$``/!+^
T7.8F^[9E%&/O(VRX#YY$N0K<CY?X[._2+$_)[3HL<OWCSXM6+UX3_



MU3DN(FT!_SHJFQW!KXZ.7Q^].7[Q-?6_@SE(XI#=LB41GW^7/6W8W[]+@_4F


PB:&GZ^XM_?&QG[FK'(9WXY


M_E#.P

MM^PA@
?WWYX^^'UU?'QQY\^?OCX\:_R`36YK&L73L#3&8RVQJ#WC*;!JF8*53
MSL\)#2^Y5OWZ*WOJTF'RCE/K+!4$?<4#8EH27A3=.74N0ZMRJAK$<;BF#E7
M?CXHP(N0/IAHG?V.F.KF$

U\IWYIF?:Q.:.*ONCJEO:.&(I%

9K&$?


FZ.$NHYF9IZ6D@Z^\I`EK/5]2JK6)&].

(MG[W?!TUN'P)5%LT8R4[1Q25:W3






MLA2Z4!N\R#N(*[;BAUK7&:$9*7L3T=T)
]



+GYZ[Y]]H


/Q;*RKN4-JA%M:8




O

M]TZ%HJ8&BVX[3-E;RZP8\C:*


M5D[KD0_M







M76_\/=?8R\`+

M`#+M^^*W\2[#9Q&$^










M@3GG(%AECC0%`=SOCJ&3RX(Z*Z1
$:\0\Q3O/A/8NXL0WGD3_WUT$4@*&%

M$]Z;)%ZR-!5J_(+IIU]H]

RORT`#CFPWH1`&R?LU1`#1[-6
K91VBH)SR!&
M*DR-4I







PEID!3H3YY%_EO.QJ0'O(H=M
MR+OA-M*\%3UV*3!FY*02]Z*?4];='.-)0WV5^DJHL/*AZRCY/R18212[+[?


M:V!\(U=-S!F-)X':V'+EZFS7CFLVWM)AK:9:0S-MIEC`8,^X



J(GC/PM70%-7%H
-1$)&B
MYKLC(&+['`Y8U^TN+#C%78W^)53+


M%^
X7(4)6:AO\E;W



-^(0


MR]\O[R_/[]XYX&3@@T8/4M@+@5:@PEHIGRU\?^V:09**;V/;QE,9ARO6P^

M`$^WZ.%0H
$2X+.RWW/B



M'M)TSQZV`N]@5N@@+92

M8-&-J3G+#WQARQ4AOP@B&GF]KF%94$8LS&@^5U7%2\N/\T_G8Y]/].RQ$2
M7



-V[
T2&@










:L.7*R7/@L@+M[Z8


MN0/._'P2?+:DVS`C6RAA4



G<NVR,=%93SRQI+.6$[V7K
M*P!#ZV&/M&AAF1]-HUW'7?=/2;S*S8O)S1=DND
[8$A
N59H.`Q:=\CU#

M\








M'Q$N:EE;)DE_]`M:.DI\5R'9$0
TR-CQKV'962`E)TUY!YZ;PBV[95[\$(E4
MV#UM4#=!;ND`[EY`5ST(;5.3EFBD3A6R-M]M1\@:+'FXA9)D]%
GWX23NB



4PL
M)(P;RJRVT'+'E+857&IR#ZC1A


M%R

\C

)



I[E\$T;F:




?#11(67X
MGD^TI*NB^1O!DM#ABT_MKMLZ8
TMN[JBK;




A%$S)\+I\+41FE2Q399VN;
M;N

MGM%;

==R$
2!#-'3

T7



4R$


M16_&2$;1YY;.%/B[4U)\:I7_4IYF+3/A?H-KB7]&@9YCZB
V'\%R+0EVFZ





M@PJMZSC*5HV@7F\
]N\KNT#

8UUK/
2GL.SS
M



M'


M4K]2*

M:5E4.\HHYM9V$DP4MF1*EZFJMY;31C@'6D&=JJGF@&VFX%-\39WSDP]E7&


6M%+2\N($\ZT


8-\Z!V.(%#1*1]J#MM)'1M-M
MPOSKZ!:R'TB!-[@4QPEY3]/:!JDLASYK8':X3Z(==HQY)0=B@W0SA.7D((2

M:DR3*K9MU08OEY`9J3H@IM8?8C%









M5B6I20W+P&J#;01(=AU=\VQ'`^J


M)X*?6)8_6X6;RO-'&H1P

POB\0^M@_=R\&F-@'/VU5(@
MM.RNG31


@W/+6NN;9




34P-C
P7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``V=!#%9G00Q6



M7Q?QT3
B-
+)S^\&[S^\.T))B*=1

?W_WS'__]7W__G^/C_YS=


M/&6$3H.WOQZ-PQ0_(G+T8?#7H]

O1\?'_$-QE'Q[
#3IT\G^?_+FM+H)YK37^
P2'-1

I2$[T.\..%M3Y3=G71C]1PG%,?1-$C1]R(N5+N
MGQ!*J06?\K[Z8O(V($PN3RB-PB!VR?%VQP[9OT_9_W)ETO%LO$0D5V)784LZ

VB
$HO?LO8F+2`8/B!/K3`/AS0I\L8
MO[A20:7'C@R/$`U)M.2Z'
_.
AHEB-J


ML\LH8:94%
17S







PK.FDM)J^AN2;5X#$JYZ

4K_4^(WAA+K\5+[@5R1$FS+3_^1VCR2AC$N=W

MWVHS^7B(8J]#6(G[=
?B+H]:+B
:!O'_HH`P^VK$=BR)Y&7-)]\=HA(4:%;Z


TO:(T0T2B$B7-Y-



M

[X




T89LU$NPF&8R@#U)LEV%
MY6A\.(S(\\/KU;KD]XG-UI
![
&2E5HE./PXEQAEZ`%7=ARM:2LGF@Q@#YSL
M5F8E'&?'&&Y-*
&HK!H.
ONIA6PR@#UR





M*T].84^JK/0KAN'NY'%_+_L[7/)/3O?FR
K![:X4HK/CROHHV)MTF^W7D?[





M2BB@4\^-=:G``9WVYD:U-RC5


/B#H\X?X$<BJE*3M[KV-Q=6D6`^5#E'`*_.=XL<1)GJ#Y


IA*[02
5VR_J%
MO;(6:T2F/0'SKK;.9?[L,&.'I%5!O63#)H!^+`WU49:%/#N;`K:Y&/T2(3
M9I01AJYXSCI/?2M^OL3D'I'G*%1&1GU`WWM;3R)38YBT8!C/84@Z[F374:
M%I*.H._*'8P+!3(ORLLJ9L,Y3IA)R*,EQ[.O2:1\D\.H'^C[=U?+A18N]OY
MO1L5Q5QP
[]T/



:

MR[8DH*L-]#5.\LSOU5-NE+E;J1##AQZ!3UJA`+QX?I6OIJ6SUU;;4TE+7D




.%D

M@?3QK/+X[LX]I?+AT!4S.CZ3A`1@[M19T9DW4AIH[T@N5LE\42'QQSZ[SQXI

*29(USJ;QI173HT`
_*6&C






M1R@-HO@/%0\L.6S4DQ
4&CTJ@V$A\6N#C&
M+_PIWTM

U7!M3?H/0+

MH.ETTS-O]-Q!)1%0!E:;W-LMG08




0T2NDXN25XFLFM4SD%L)]GI*5V*
[J
M?4!;+9(D$F


M^U1H
D%S;@;!Z'*U?7&9*)18;0;L1IMJK\:Z.[=YWPV0\G;DCV'R)(FA-7
5U4=B_
M6O;ENC&0@6*M842Z*KM!I



L96M$]/MF_@BC(Z54H)Z#EMK$







M-49(


M

V:P(-):WTM!!1RV+E:1Q-Q2HO#B
M



M'M#RO46:9IF@V6($:E!-!H`QXIWUW0+
670.=.1&D97[$+R5;U??=^LZKV4
MB!`XV(VXX=-SVC-%D]
OT
A3D*V6!0#/[U$;
0$





MCO$2E4\/&8\N42?@#Q(X&S@2=-X46ZQ;F(
_34RK.Y@E3IB&Z'C66%-X)4NM



M6E4E7M)VXB:YC5%ILGQ9LLR

HA('N*)9Y=1PO!%07R5
'EE/$`/
MJ@+&FJO-WJQS
*PB`SCU7K
C
K*_H(#S-QTG=SR*EA0OJ]_@A*S^\RR@$6VK

M]=TRI-KDX




M2


M!NUXG*5)RUY4V[5M=9\]4O1;QGI'S_R^90IC3VW8N
C9T+G9003R9ML]+Z

<$X?`XK8?_P_4$L#!!0````(`:!/D<H1/EE
MP0H```9J```1`!P`;F=T9BTR,#$U,#8S,YX<V155`D``V=!#%9G00Q6=7@+

2X93


MP\


M)8!D@A6):HT?=P6/23<3LUJ)#88SY=:8RQ'1B/K

9$
M.JDQ/8Y8I)J+FD&@QS&*(./:B?:N[TYW-!PC43$XO0S


M-'*#?O(ACL
DKA^@6X+Z!;`_YTSRF$9ZI[A6^N=U-E$R!K^]VHWX`4-\!
M02#O:B/
@




M%H
-I

5089Q6'CX
MU?:ZL7ZWBG6FCXP!5+306L#[#[)$#_:YY_]TPUI)05


GW
M!*(B]_G

QTT$E?_0_9D)O[%5[WR$5
M
D.E#S2J.6;6[$:_*=-$;X9&M;W@UF25PP+0S2)NT/W3SQT%]7EFD86U4FXB
M-LQ)=VPLM^[#TEI3;G1C74E*\UW]#M?ESIT[=^Y%M/U$W1Q4DE6/K?Z.G&Q'
M/\]V]+RXHR\RXR'GIJ62\*[?_^]8\=M\7A%:;S1?M6JN+EZQEM1]8SW5[2

M6B?DYF#%\,[(O*#I97MT4JK&^J&%\8[:O0]MS8]FK`K22\#G!1;P?O8_DA



T59%$^/1IM&`HFW+A8UYL&LG(KO&PX75NN
M`:[R(@[0`9'H(P'F+%Y35WTEK7MSS4-CID%%_Q58O4`W!;V#X+W]RBCU+$-
MQE]&M.'X5F^S\=T5;3Q'M@IZR./P1KKRM2

CRF<Q

CFSG76##+9U98'7VQ


MUVS%4`H!KY5\!=%:TM+S3%@+9/D#+-O%V3D(K=&[MF1YK/V!Q*+(8*^E`F)
M+A)]6]T8!\RQ8=I\Q84N&%/BV%_I58@3]RJX9@P:S'PURDM72ET3P/@!68V



MD3J9@J8(DQ'I^X5Q39D1E;6A%2VEHO:;9&;GLLE^E+R[(G$NJY(#=!XE

TQ^Y1@


=UYUB(Q147#UA$\O)Q3M-QTG.Z0J'F
M8N;S-'T_`'[0^ME-7^A\_/FG_P)02P$'@,4``````F@3Y':D)$RN5N``#3
MH@4`$0`8```````!````I($`````;F=T9BTR
#$U
#8S


M`!4`&````````0```*2!S'@``&YG=&8M
C`Q-3`V
S!?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#
M9T$


M!FH``!$`&````````0```*2!J]@``&YG=&8M
C`Q-3`V

H00Q6=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%!@`````&``8`&@(``+?C````````
`
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NightFood Holdings
 Inc.&#160;&#160;(the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&#160;&#160;All of its operations are conducted by the subsidiary
 NightFood
 Inc.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
The Company currently maintains its corporate office in Tarrytown
 New York.&#160;







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014









Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts

923





Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

588
588


130
560



Common stock
 shares outstanding

588
588


130
560







A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







June 30
196
94


346
565
441
(565
(441
At June 30
 2015 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $566
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2023 and 2022. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2015 was an increase of $124
825. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves
The Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&#8220;IRC&#8221;). Under section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
As of June 30
 2015 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014













 INC.













































  2015



































































263
248



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



812
588









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







Cash and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Accounts Payable
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
&#8212;Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
&#8212;Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions


10
10
10


149
149
149
016



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











409


575












835


734





200


891



Selling
 general and administrative

169


274





701


076
721





905


134
620





496)


132
045)














369





894


911





134)


144
325)












134)


144
325)












558
832


172
482




































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.



















































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

















































































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015













Inventories consists of the following at June 30
























































































































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







During the year ended June 30
 2015
 the Company revenues included one customer which accounted for approximately 70% of revenues. The Company is in the process of negotiating additional contracts with several other retail outlets which if successful will reduce the present concentration level.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







36
37
36
37
072













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&#160;&#160;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
(367
(1
144
(367
(1
144


558
23
172
482













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







On October 16
 2013
 the NightFood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
The Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
The Company has 26
588
588 and 25
130
560 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
During the year ended
 June 30
the Company sold 658
000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $164
500
and issued 261
960 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $65
and issued 538
068 shares of common stock for the conversion of related party debt of $181





































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







Other current liabilities consist of the following at June 30
36
37
36
37
072













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







On November 24
 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
The term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 8% interest rate
10
14
10
14
(4
(4
6
10
Interest expense for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 totaled $743 and $1
369
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







The Company received cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $15
000 and $26
350 in 2015 and 2014
 respectively
On May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted the outstanding note payable of $134
517 into 538
The amounts previously included in short term borrowings &#8211; related party of $0 and 134
517 in 2015 and 2014
 respectively had represented a Note Payable which was to be repayable upon Mr.&#160;&#160;Folkson providing the borrower with written notice of demand
 according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson was not permitted to demand repayment of the Note until the Company was profitable
 and in a positive cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson would have been allowed to demand repayment. The Company had agreed to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance would have been paid in full. Subsequently
 on May 27
 2015
Included in short-term borrowings - related party is $5
During the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $36
The consulting agreement has a term of one year
 and then converts into a month to month effective January 1
 2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term
Imputed interest expense accrued on the converted note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $9
894 and $10
911 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 24
 2010
Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014





























Term of small business loan
 Description

 which is based upon Wall Street Journal (WSJ) Prime 3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.






















369)























































































































































Description of the short-term debt arrangement
 and disclosures pertaining to the underlying arrangements
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 restrictions on assets and activities
 debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.









Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.




Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&#160;&#160;The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.




Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company incurred advertising costs of $86
200 and $26
891 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




The Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.




All sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
The Company offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.




Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&#160;&#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&#160;&#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&#160;&#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2015 and 2014 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.




The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.




In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09)
 which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. ASU 2014-09's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today's guidance
 including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2017 and
 at that time
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&#8220;ASU 2014-15&#8221;). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15
 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.



















































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







10
10
10
10
149
149
149
149
016



































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











134)


144
325)





134)


144
325)





558
832


172
482







































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning balance at Jun. 30
 2013

442)


000


307


749)



Beginning balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2013



000
000









019
640


079


015
561





Common stock issued for services
 shares



078
560









000


052


948





Common Stock issued for cash
 shares



052
000









144
325)






144
325)



Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2014

127)


131


256
816


372
074)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2014



130
560









490




228





Common stock issued for services
 shares

960


960









483




945





Common stock issued for debt conversion
 shares

068


068









500




842





Common Stock issued for cash
 shares

000


000









134)






134)



Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2015

788)


589


666
832


739
208)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2015



588
588





































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







The Company&#8217;s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company&#8217;s snack products. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
 collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 or 45 days.&#160;&#160;Currently
 the Company&#8217;s largest customer is GNC.&#160;&#160;The terms it has established with GNC is &#8220;pay on scan&#8221;.&#160;&#160;Each week
 GNC issues payment to the Company based on the volume of inventory sold.&#160;&#160;As such
 its receivables with GNC are not due on a specific date
 but rather tied to product sales volume The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has also provided certain sales allowances of $12
923 for the year ended June 30
 2015.







The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015






Schedule of earnings per share
 basic and diluted
(367
(1
144
(367
(1
144
25
558
23
172
482



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.







































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      




 column(s) 3 are contained in other reports



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











982


423





944


678





926


101





926)


101)








































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015













he Company received proceeds of $56
000 through the sale 224
000 shares of its common stock.






































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.































