

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017109
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160928
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		161907854
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-888-6444
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K



ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

June 30
 2016




TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934




Commission
File Number&nbsp;

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)&nbsp;



    
    
    

(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

Incorporation
    or Organization)
    
Identification
    No.)

    
    
    

520
        White Plains Road- Suite 500
Tarrytown
        New York
    
    

(Address
    of Principal Executive Offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)



(Registrant's
telephone number
 including area code)&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744;
No &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
&#9744; No &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&#9746;  No &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes  &#9746; No &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company.



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes &#9744; No &#9746;

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of December 31
 2015: $23
400
867.&nbsp;

As
of September 28
 2016
 the issuer had 28
691
432 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 par value $0.001 per share.





    
    





TABLE
    OF CONTENTS

    

    
    
    

PART
    I

    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    

    
    
    

PART
    II

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

PART
    III

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and Related Stockholder Matters
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV

    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    



    
    



PART
I


Forward-Looking
Information

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions
 technological developments related to
business support services and outsourced business processes
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible
to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control.

Although
we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate
and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this prospectus will prove to be accurate.
In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the
current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person
that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings
&ldquo;Business
&rdquo;and &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;

ITEM
1. BUSINESS

NightFood
Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;NightFood&rdquo;) is a Nevada
corporation organized on October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York
corporation (the &ldquo;Subsidiary&rdquo;) from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson. All of our operations are conducted by
the Subsidiary. We are in the business of manufacturing
 marketing and distributing snacks specially formulated and promoted
for evening consumption. A large number of Americans consume nighttime snacks that are high in sugar
 fat
 and calories; such
snacks can impair sleep and also impair health in general. Management believes that our products are unique in the food
industry and that there is a substantial market for our products. We are in the process of establishing distribution channels
for these products. Our corporate address is 520 White Plains Road &ndash; Suite 500
 Tarrytown
 New York 10591 and our
telephone number is 888-888-6444. We maintain a web site at www.nightfood.com. Any information that may appear on our web
site should not be deemed to be a part of this report.

Industry
Overview

We
are an early-stage company that is seeking to establish a market within the snack industry by offering a line of snack foods that
are appropriate for evening consumption. Based on available figures for 2013 published by SymphonyIRI Group
 American consumers
spend over $50 Billion annually on snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. A majority of adults are trying
to eat foods and snacks that they understand will prevent or manage health problems and 37% of consumers are willing to pay more
for foods with perceived health benefits. Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime snack choices include
products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo; options
 such as cookies
salty snacks (chips
 pretzels
 and popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.

Our
Products
 Present and Proposed

Our
initial product is the NightFood nutrition bar. NightFood nutrition bars are made from commercially available ingredients and
a proprietary combination of other components in a proprietary process. During the course of fiscal 2016
 the Company modified
its packaging
 positioning
 and branding
 including switching from a 6 count retail pack to a 12 count pack for the bars. The
packages are typically merchandised both open and closed
 so the consumer can purchase an individual bar
 or an entire box of
bars.. NightFood&reg; is the first product positioned as a healthier and better alternative to other convenient nighttime snack
options. Compared to the existing popular options
 each 140 calorie NightFood&reg; bar is specially formulated to satisfy late-night
cravings
 tackle nighttime hunger
 on fewer calories
 and with a healthier
 more sleep-friendly nutritional profile. We believe
that NightFood&reg; bars are an optimal after-dinner snack in terms of composition and calories. In addition
 the bars contain
a clinically proven bioactive ingredient called Chocamine&reg;. Chocamine is a patented natural cocoa extract that is believed
to promote satiety and craving satisfaction
 while also providing the health and relaxation benefits of chocolate without the
caffeine
 fat
 calories
 and sugars. In April of 2016
 the Company secured exclusive use of Chocamine in any products formulated
and marketed for nighttime consumption.


    
    



Depending
upon the success of the NightFood&reg; bar and our available resources
 we intend to consider expanding our product line to include
formulations with and without sleep aiding bioactive ingredients
 nighttime snack products specifically for children
 and snacks
in different food formats such as cookies
 chips
 ice cream
 etc.



We
have utilized contract manufacturers for producing our products. These include Noble Foods for product manufacture
 Arranti Label
and Stuart Packaging for our packaging
 and ShipRight Solutions for our warehousing and fulfillment. We consider our relations
with each of these suppliers to be good. We also believe that the nature of the market for these services ensures that if we were
required to find an alternate supplier for any of these services
 we could do so on similar terms.

Marketing
&amp; Distribution

During
FY2016
 our new marketing and distribution strategy shifted NightFood products away from the specialty health &amp; nutrition
vertical and towards mainstream supermarkets. We believe our most receptive consumer will be one that is wrestling with undesirable
night snacking habits. Our updated product packaging merchandises NightFood bars in a novel 12-pack display case featuring the
CraveMonster&trade; design and was approved for distribution by KeHE Distributors LLC in March of 2016.

Through
our relationship with KeHE
 NightFood is now available in the Market Street supermarket chain in Texas
 a division of Albertsons.
With well over 2
000 locations
 largest supermarket retailer in the country. The Company is in
discussions to introduce NightFood products onto the shelves of other large supermarket chains though KeHE
 once properly capitalized.

NightFood
is also available in the Fairway supermarket chain in Metro New York City
 as well as some other independent retailers in and
around New York. Additional funds are needed to support sales at Fairway and maintain sales volume after an initial introductory
push
 bolstered by in-store product sampling and demonstrations.

Due
to market dynamics and distribution channels
 Fairway retails each NightFood bar for $2.50
 whereas Market Street retails each
NightFood bar at $1.79.

NightFood
bars may also still be found in some GNC locations around the country
 however we did not receive any orders from them during
fiscal 2016 despite reports from GNC of increasing sales in FY2016 compared to FY2015.




The
nutritional/snack food business is highly competitive and includes such participants as large companies like Mondelez
 Nestle
S.A. and Quaker Oats and more specialized companies such as Cliff Bar
 Quest Nutrition and many smaller companies. Many of these
competitors have well established names and products. Management is not aware of any competitor offering snacks targeting the
nighttime snack occasion
 or formulated to satisfy unhealthy nighttime cravings in a sleep-friendly way. We will initially compete
based upon the unique nature of our product. However
 other companies
 including those with greater name recognition than us and
greater resources may seek to introduce products that directly compete with our products. Management believes that if a competitor
sought to develop a competing product
 it could do so and begin to establish retail distribution in 12-24 months.

Intellectual
Property Rights

We
own the registered trademark &ldquo;NightFood&reg;&rdquo; and believe that it will prove important to our business. Additionally
we own the domain NightFood.com as well as many other relevant domains such as late-night-snack.com
 nighttimesnack.com
 and nighttimesnacking.com
as well as NightFood.us
 NightFood.net
 TryNightFood.com
 GetNightFood.com
 NiteFood.com
 and Night-Food.com. We also own the
toll-free number 888-888-NIGHT. We also rely on proprietary information as to our formulas and have non-disclosure agreements
with our suppliers.


    
    





We
currently have no employees except Sean Folkson
 our President and CEO
 and Peter Leighton
 our VP of Marketing who is currently
serving the company on a part-time basis. Should we be successful in executing our business plan
 we anticipate hiring additional
employees in the future to assist with marketing
 sales and clerical positions. We rely on consultants and outsourced services
to accomplish work that might otherwise be done by employees in a large established company.



In
FY 2016
 no individual customer made up more than 15% of our revenues.&nbsp;

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

You
should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our business
 operations and financial condition. The occurrence
of any the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have had limited operations and require substantial additional funds to execute our business plan
and have not yet established significant traction in the marketplace. We generated revenue of $24
918 in the year ended June 30
2016 and $68
409 in the year ended June 30
 2015. Because our capital resources have been extremely limited
 we have been unable
to provide sufficient advertising and marketing support for the product at retail
 resulting in limited revenues. Unless we are
able to continue to leverage our status as a public company into effective fundraising to fund our capital requirements
 we will
not be able to execute on our business plan and purchasers of our stock will be likely to lose their investment.

During
FY2016
 the majority of our revenue was derived from direct to consumer retail sales.
there is consumer interest for a better nighttime snack option. We have not yet identified a way to market and sell our snack
products direct to consumer in a manner that is predictably profitable
 nor have we yet identified the proper elements of support
at retail that will drive consistent consumer purchase behavior.

Our
independent auditors have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
statements for the years ended June 30
 2016 and June 30
 2015 from our independent registered public accounting firm that includes
an explanatory paragraph and a footnote stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
due to its losses and negative net worth. Inclusion of a &ldquo;going concern qualification&rdquo; in the report of our independent
accountants may have a negative impact on our ability to obtain financing and may adversely impact our stock price in any market
that may develop.

We
remain uncertain of our proposed products&rsquo; market acceptance.
for evening consumption is a viable niche market with a potential for attractive returns for investors
 this belief is largely
based on informal observations and we have not conducted any formal marketing studies. Our limited resources preclude us from
doing so. If management is wrong in its belief and there is an insufficient market for our products
 it is likely we will fail
and investors will lose their investment.&nbsp;

Our
ability to hire additional personnel is important to the continued growth of our business.
our ability to attract and retain a group of motivated marketing and business support professionals. Our growth may be limited
if we cannot recruit and retain a sufficient number of people. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to hire and retain a sufficient
number of qualified personnel.

We
may face substantial competition.
both large conglomerates with substantial resources and smaller companies
 including new companies that might be formed with resources
similar to our own. Competitors may seek to duplicate the perceived benefits of our products in ways that do not infringe on any
proprietary rights that we can protect. As a result we could find that our entire marketing plan and business model is undercut
or made irrelevant by actions of other companies under which we have no control. We cannot promise that we can accomplish our
marketing goals and as a result may experience negative impact upon our operating results.

Our
success depends to a large extent upon the continued service of key managerial employees and our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel.
 we are highly dependent on the ability and experience of our key employee
 Sean Folkson
our president and CEO We have a consulting agreement with Mr. Folkson. The loss of Mr. Folkson would present a significant setback
for us and could impede the implementation of our business plan. There is no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring
and retaining qualified personnel to execute our current plan of operations.


    
    


The ability of our officers to control
our business will limit minority shareholders' ability to influence corporate affairs
 2016
 our
president
 Sean Folkson
 owned 16
433
568 shares (directly and through trusts
 includes 2.6 million shares owned by a trust
controlled by Mr. Folkson's wife. Mr. Folkson disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares) and our Vice President Peter
Leighton owned 4
000
000 shares or an aggregate of approximately 76.9 % of our 26
588
issued
and outstanding shares. Because of their stock ownership
 our officers will be in a position to continue to elect our board
of directors
 decide all matters requiring stockholder approval and determine our policies. The interests of our president
may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares
 business transactions with or
sales to other companies
 selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders would
have no way of overriding decisions made by our president. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the
market value of our shares because he may institute or undertake transactions
 policies or programs that result in losses
may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/ or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to
significantly decrease our price per share.

If
we do not receive additional financing we will not be able to execute our planned expansion.
 we
believe we will require over $2
000
000 in debt or equity financing to affect a planned expansion of our operations and roll out
of our existing and any future products. Management believes that it will be able to raise the funds required
 however
 this may
not prove to be the case. No one has committed to invest the money we need to complete our planned operations. If we cannot raise
additional funds
 it is unlikely that we will be able to support a stock price close to the amount paid by our investors and our
investors may lose all or most of their investment. Recent economic developments and the current economic climate may make it
especially difficult to raise additional funds. If we do not raise additional funds
 we may be required to abandon our current
business plan and either operate our plan on a much smaller scaled basis
 cease operations entirely
 or seek a different line
of business. However
 we intend to seek additional funds and affect our planned business and we have no other present plans.

We
may be exposed to potential risks resulting from new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 we are required to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. We have not yet completed our assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We would incur additional expenses and diversion of management's
time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation
 testing and remediation required in order to comply with the
management certification and auditor attestation requirements.

We
do not have a sufficient number of employees and consultants to segregate responsibilities and are presently unable to afford
increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees
 and this may impair our
ability to effectively comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
on our CEO
 Sean Folkson and our Vice President/CMO Peter Leighton to perform all executive functions. Peter Leighton will be
working for us on a part time basis. Accordingly
 we cannot segregate duties to provide sufficient review of our financial activity.
During the course of our testing our financial procedures
 we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate
in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition
if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls
 as such standards are modified
 supplemented or amended
from time to time
 we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls
over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover
 effective internal controls
 particularly
those related to revenue recognition
 are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent
financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our business and operating results could be
harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and the trading price of our common stock
 if a
market ever develops
 could drop significantly. Our officers&rsquo; lack of experience in accounting and financial matters may
make our efforts to comply more difficult and cause us to hire consultants to assist him cutting into our resources.




    
    


Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company.
 we qualify
as an &quot;emerging growth company&quot; as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as a company is deemed to be an emerging growth
company
 it may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other regulatory requirements that are generally unavailable
to other public companies. These provisions include:




    
    
    

    
    
an
    exemption to provide less than five years of selected financial data in an initial public offering registration statement;

    
    
an
    exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company's internal controls over
    financial reporting;

    
    
an
    exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies;

    
    
an
    exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory
    audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information
    about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer; and

    
    
reduced
    disclosure about the emerging growth company's executive compensation arrangements.


An
emerging growth company is also exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley which requires that the registered accounting firm
shall
 in the same report
 attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures
for financial reporting. Similarly
 as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting until such time as we cease being a Smaller Reporting Company.

As
an emerging growth company
 we are exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the
shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes.

Section
107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an emerging growth
company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.

We
would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of:



    
    
In
    our fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
 

    
    
the
    first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are $1 billion or more
 

    
    
the
    date on which we have
 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities
    or 

    
    
as
    of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as
    of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year.


Risks
Related to Our Common Stock

Currently
there is very little activity on the public markets for our securities
 and there can be no assurances that any significant public
trading will ever develop and
 our stock is likely to be subject to significant price fluctuations.
established trading market for our common stock. Commencing August 21
 2015 we began trading under the Symbol NGTF on the OTC
Markets. However
 trading volume to date has been limited and sporadic.

In
addition
 our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts
 and there may be few institutions acting as market
makers for the common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock.
Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock
 if ever
 the price at which it
trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced
by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors
 investor perception
 and general economic and
market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common
stock. Because of the anticipated low price of the securities
 many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions
in these securities. Any purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will likely be
subject to the penny stock restrictions.&quot;


    
    



Our
board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock
 which may have rights and preferences detrimental to the
rights of the holders of our common shares.
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par
value. As of the date of this prospectus
 we have not issued any shares of preferred stock and have no plans to do so. Our preferred
stock may bear such rights and preferences
 including dividend and liquidation preferences
 as the Board of Directors may fix
and determine from time to time. Any such preferences may operate to the detriment of the rights of the holders of the common
stock being offered hereby.

Our
articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that
may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the
benefit of officers and/or directors.
of our directors
 officers
 employees
 and agents
 under certain circumstances
 against attorney's fees and other expenses incurred
by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf. This indemnification
policy could result in substantial expenditures by us
 which we will be unable to recoup.

We
have been advised that
 in the opinion of the SEC
 indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is
 therefore
 unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against these types of liabilities
 other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director
 officer or controlling
person in the successful defense of any action
 suit or proceeding
 is asserted by a director
 officer or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered
 we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel
 the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
 the question whether indemnification by us is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating
to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity
 either of which
factors is are likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares
 if such a market ever develops.

Any
market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions that are likely to create a
lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible.
NASDAQ system
 if ever
 the trading of our securities
 if any
 will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred
to as the OTCBB as maintained by OTCMarkets.com. As a result
 an investor may find it difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the price of our securities.

SEC
Rule 15g-9 (as most recently amended and effective on September 12
 2005) establishes the definition of a &quot;penny stock
&quot;
for purposes relevant to us
 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to a limited number of exceptions. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be
penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects the market liquidity for
our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer
approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement
to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In
order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and
investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 sets forth:



    
    
the
    basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination
 and

    
    
that
    the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 



    
    



Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and
remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

Because
of these regulations
 broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or
may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders
or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if
and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may decrease
 with a corresponding
decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable
future and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
 find it difficult to sell their securities. Recently
 several brokerage firms
and clearing firms have adopted special &ldquo;house rules&rdquo; which make it more difficult for their customers to hold or
trade low priced stock and these rules may make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their stock.

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock.
no plans for paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain earnings
 if any
 to provide
funds for the implementation of our business plan. We do not intend to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Therefore
 there can be no assurance that holders of our common stock will receive any additional cash
 stock or other dividends
on their shares of our common stock until we have funds which the Board of Directors determines can be allocated to dividends.

If
a market develops for our shares
 sales of our shares relying upon rule 144 may depress prices in that market by a material amount.
All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are &quot;restricted securities&quot; within the meaning of Rule 144 under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration
statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required
under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for a prescribed
period may
 under certain conditions
 sell their shares as a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on or about
February 15
 2008
 there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e.
 a stockholder
who has not been an officer
 director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have
been held by the owner for a period of six months. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act
 if available
or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders
 may have a depressive effect upon the price of
the common stock in any market that may develop.

Any
trading market that may develop may be restricted by virtue of state securities &quot;Blue Sky&quot; laws to the extent they prohibit
trading absent compliance with individual state laws.
in those states. There is no public market for our common stock
 and there can be no assurance that any public market will develop
in the foreseeable future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations
laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions
 commonly referred to as &quot;Blue Sky&quot; laws. Absent compliance
with such individual state laws
 our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because our securities have not been
registered for resale under the &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to
purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future
 should be aware that there may be significant state &ldquo;Blue
Sky&rdquo; law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities.
These restrictions prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Accordingly
 investors should consider the secondary market
for our securities to be a limited one.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS




    
    



ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

Description
of Property

We currently store our inventory in a fulfillment center at a cost of approximately $200 per month which
is part of our shipping and packing relationship. We believe that our properties are adequate for our current needs and that alternative
similar or additional space could be found in the vicinity of our present property at similar cost should the need arise.&nbsp;
Due to cash constraints
 the company recently terminated its lease for office space
 and intends to reestablish a lease at a future
date.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There
are no current
 past
 pending or threatened legal proceedings or administrative actions either by or against the issuer that could
have a material effect on the issuer&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 or operations.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.

PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET
INFORMATION


was granted the symbol NGTF by FINRA on May 14
 2015 and trades on OTCMarkets.com. The first trade of our stock occurred August
28
 2015. To date trading has been very limited and sporadic. The last reported price was $.19 on September 27
 2016





 2016
    
    


 2015
    
    


 2015
    
    


 2016
    
    


 2016
    
    

    
    
    


 2015:
    
    


 2015
    
    


 2015
    
    


 2015
    
    


 2015
    
    




    
    




The
approximate number of stockholders of record at June 30
 2016 is 115. The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial
owners of our common stock
 whose shares are held in the names of various dealers
 clearing agencies
 banks
 brokers and other
fiduciaries.


DIVIDEND
POLICY

No
dividends have ever been declared by the Board of Directors on our common stock. Our losses do not currently indicate the ability
to pay any cash dividends
 and we do not have the intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

We
do not have any equity compensation plans. We do not have any warrants issued or outstanding.

RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES


 2016
 1
064
000 shares were issued to 16 investors for $297
500 in cash
($0.25-$0.35 per share). No underwriter participated in the foregoing transactions
 and no underwriting discounts or commissions
were paid
 nor was any general solicitation or general advertising conducted. The securities bear a restrictive legend and stop
transfer instructions are noted on our stock transfer records. These shares were issued in offerings under Regulation D promulgated
under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The company also compensated vendors and consultants with 829
344
shares in lieu of payment of $293
875. These issuances were exempt from registration under section 4(1) of the Securities Act as
sales by an issuer not involving a public offering.

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS.

As
of June 30
 2016
 we had no compensation plans under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance.


    
    



PENNY
STOCK REGULATION

Shares
of our common stock have been and will likely continue to be subject to rules adopted the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in &ldquo;penny stocks.&rdquo; Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less
than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system
 provided
that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is provided by the exchange or system).
The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC
 which contains the following:



    
    
a
    description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;

    
    
a
    description of the broker&rsquo;s or dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the
    customer with respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities&rsquo; laws;

    
    
a
    brief
 clear
 narrative description of a dealer market
 including &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; prices for penny
    stocks and the significance of the spread between the &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; price;

    
    
a
    toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;

    
    
definitions
    of significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of&nbsp;&nbsp;trading in penny stocks; and

    
    
such
    other information and is in such form (including language
 type
 size and format)
 as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.


Prior
to effecting any transaction in penny stock
 the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following:



    
    
the
    bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;

    
    
the
    compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;

    
    
the
    number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply
 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity
    of the market for such stock; and

    
    
monthly
    account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account.


In
addition
 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
 the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser&rsquo;s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have
the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules.
Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common stock will probably be subject
to the penny stock rules.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon
 and should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.



We
are a snack development
 marketing and distribution company relying on our unique product
 unique product positioning
 and our
marketing expertise to develop and market nutritional/snack foods that are appropriate for evening snacking. Our first product
is the NightFood nutrition bar
 currently available in two flavors (Cookies n&rsquo; Dreams
 and Midnight Chocolate Crunch).


    
    



We
believe that over the next several years
 a subset of consumers will begin to shift their night snacking behavior towards healthier
options. As research continues to explore the links between nutrition and sleep
 and consumers continue to seek healthier snacks
in general
 we expect a category to emerge within the marketplace that we call &ldquo;nighttime nutrition&rdquo;.

The
first major nutrition brands have just started to explore the viability of a nighttime nutrition category as Gatorade&reg; announced
in March of 2016 that they&rsquo;ve begun development of a nighttime yogurt for athletes.

Unlike
the Gatorade initiative
 NightFood seeks to deliver better night snacks to mainstream consumers and not hardcore athletes.

American
consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. A majority of adults
are trying to eat foods and snacks that they understand will prevent or manage health problems and 37% of consumers are willing
to pay more for foods with perceived health benefits. Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime snack
choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo; options
such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips
 pretzels
 and popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.

Our
first product
 the NightFood nutrition bar
 is currently available in select supermarkets
 grocery stores
 and nutrition stores
primarily in and around New York City
 select stores in the southeastern US
 and the Market Street supermarket chain in Texas
which is a division of Albertson&rsquo;s.

The
Company is in various stages of discussions with other supermarket chains to carry NightFood products. We believe that once we
have point-of-sale materials
 some additional retail outlets will quickly come on board.

The
Company also intends to revisit online direct response advertising in the near-term future. Previous tests have indicated that
it might be possible to run such an online ad campaign near break-even
 and perhaps even build towards a profitable campaign
all while supporting consumer trial and awareness.&nbsp;&nbsp;

DEVELOPMENT
PLANS

Longer-term
assuming that we have established sufficient traction with our initial product
 the NightFood nutrition bar
 the company intends
to evaluate opportunities to introduce other nighttime specific snack products in the snack formats already popular with consumers
such as cookies
 chips
 and ice cream.

We
believe the nutritional profile of any popular snack food can be evaluated and formulated for what we call &ldquo;sleep-friendliness&rdquo;
and therefore optimized as a better nighttime snack option.



Inflation
can be expected to have an impact on our operating costs. A prolonged period of inflation could cause a general economic downturn
and negatively impact our results. However
 the effect of inflation has been minimal over the past three years.



We
do not believe that our business will be seasonal to any material degree.

Critical
Accounting Policies&nbsp;

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses.
On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to uncollectible receivables
 inventory valuation
 deferred
compensation and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical performance and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates allow us to make judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources.

We
believe the following accounting policies are our critical accounting policies because they are important to the portrayal of
our financial condition and results of operations and they require critical management judgments and estimates about matters that
may be uncertain. If actual results or events differ materially from those contemplated by us in making these estimates
 our reported
financial condition and results of operations for future periods could be materially affected.

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2016 Compared
to Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2015




For
the twelve months ended June 30
 2016
 we had revenues of $24
918 compared to the twelve months ended June 30
 2015 when we had
revenues of $68
409. The company also provided certain sales allowances of $22
681 for the year ended June 30
 2016
 compared
to $12
923 for the year ended June 30
 2015.


    
    



Operating
Expenses


ended June 30
 2016 were $743
247 compared to for the twelve months ended June 30
 2015 were $424
905. The increase was mainly
due to an increase in professional fees related to capital raising efforts and corporate strategy
 along with increases to costs
relating to SEC compliance
 and expenses relating to the rebranding efforts




Net
Loss

For
the twelve months ended June 30
 2016
 we had a net loss of $726
596 compared to the twelve months ended June 30
 2015 when we
had a net loss of $367
134. Again
 the majority of this an increase in professional fees related to capital raising efforts and
corporate strategy
 along with increases to costs relating to SEC compliance
 and expenses relating to the rebranding efforts



As
of June 30
 2016
 we had approximately $121
706 worth of product in inventory
 compared to $46
936 worth of product in inventory
as of June 30
 2015.



In
FY 2016
 no individual customer made up more than 15% of our revenues.

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


 2016
 we had cash on hand of
$5
481
 accounts receivable of $1
358 net of allowances
 and inventory value of $121
706. During the twelve month period ended
June 30
 2016
 we successfully raised $297
500 through the private sale of our common stock. These proceeds were used to rebrand
the product
 including new package design
 manufacture inventory
 and cover expenses related being a publicly traded company.

Since
our inception
 we have sustained operating losses. During the twelve months ended June 30
 2016
 we incurred a net loss of $726
596
and had a total stockholders&rsquo; deficit of $174
008.

The
Company has limited available cash resources and we do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing working
capital needs. The Company is continuing to raise capital through private placement of our common stock to finance the Company&rsquo;s
operations
 of which it can give no assurance of success. However
 we believe that our current capitalization structure
 combined
with the continued expansion in distribution
 will enable us to achieve successful financings to continue our growth.

Even
if the Company is successful in raising additional funds
 the Company cannot give any assurance that it will
 in the future
 be
able to achieve a level of profitability from the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

During
the twelve months ended June 30
 2016
 net cash used in operating activities was $323
415 compared to $198
146 for the twelve
months ended June 30
 2015. This increase was primarily due to the increase in our operating expenses related to new package design
and inventory production.


    
    


During
the twelve months ended June 30
 2016 and 2015 respectively
 there was not any net cash provided in investing activities.


 2016
net cash aggregating $312
837 was provided by financing activities
 which represents net proceeds of $297
500 from private
sales of our common stock
 $19
000 related advances by shareholders
 and offset by required principal payments of $3
663 of our
bank loan.

From
our inception in January 2010 through June 30
 2016
 we have generated an accumulated deficit of approximately $2
465
804. Assuming
we raise additional funds and continue operations
 we expect to incur additional operating losses during the remainder of 2016
and through most
 if not all
 of 2017. We plan to continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance our
operations
 as we have in the past
 primarily through the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing until such
time that we are able to generate sufficient funds from the sale of our products to finance our operations
 of which we can give
no assurance.

Effective
May 6
 2015
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Sean Folkson. The agreement is retroactive to January 1st
 2015.
In exchange for services provided to the Company by Folkson
 the Company has agreed to pay Folkson $6
000 monthly. This compensation
expense started accruing on January 1
 2015
 and will continue to accrue on a monthly basis until the company is in a position
to pay Folkson.

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET TRANSACTIONS

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect
on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
or capital resources.

GOING
CONCERN

The
Company&rsquo;s independent auditors believe it necessary to include a going concern footnote in their audit report. The Company
has included an explanatory paragraph in the notes to the financial statement for the year ended June 30
 2016 with respect to
Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not
applicable.


    
    



ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The
financial statements required by Item 8 are presented in the following order:

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms
    

    
    

Balance
    Sheets&nbsp;as June 30
 2016 and June 30
 2015
    

    
    

Statements
    of Operations for years ended June 30
 2016 and June 30
 2015
    

    
    

Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders Deficit as of June 30
 2016
    

    
    

Statements
    of Cash Flows for years ended June 30
 2016 and June 30
 2015
    

    
    

Notes
    to&nbsp;Financial Statements 
    



    
    



NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.

Financial
Statements 

For
the years ended June 30
 2016 and June 30
 2015










    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of June 30
2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
and cash flows for the two year period ended June 30
 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform an audit of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of the Company as of June 30
 2016 and 2015 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two year in the period
ended June 30
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has incurred recurring losses and generated negative
cash flows from its operating activities. These raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans
 with respect to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/
RBSM LLP
New
York
 New York
September
28
 2016


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.&nbsp;
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
481
16
059


681 and $12
923
 respectively)
1
358
34
528

    
121
706
46
936

    
1
400
5
086

    
129
945
102
609

    
    
    

    
129
945
102
609

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
165
441
97
221

    
108
000
36
000

    
4
290
4
007

    
1
000
5
000

    
23
000
    

    
301
731
142
228

    
    
    

    
2
222
6
169

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 28
501
932&nbsp;&nbsp;issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2016 and&nbsp;&nbsp;26
588
588 outstanding as of June 30
 2015
 respectively)
28
502
26
589

    
2
263
294
1
666
832

    
(2
465
804
(1
739
208

    
(174
008
(45
788

    
129
945
102
609


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements



    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


 2016


 2015

    
    
    

    
24
918
68
409

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
104
712
75
835

    
110
751
86
200


 general and administrative
73
545
49
169

    
454
240
213
701

    
743
247
424
905

    
    
    

    
(718
329
(356
496

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
267
    

    
7
000
    

    
    
9
894

    
(726
596
(367
134

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(726
596
(367
134

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
27
524
987
25
558
832


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    



NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
Years
ended June 30
 2016 and 2015




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 July 1
 2014
25
130
560
25
131
1
256
816
(1
144
325
(90
127

    
261
960
    
65
228
    
65
490

    
538
068
    
180
945
    
181
483

    
658
000
    
163
842
    
164
500

    
    
    
    
(367
134
(367
134


 June&nbsp;&nbsp;30
 2015
26
588
588
26
589
1
666
832
(1
739
208
(45
788

    
829
344
    
293
046
    
293
875

    
20
000
    
6
980
    
7
000

    
1
064
000
1
064
296
436
    
297
500

    
    
    
    
(726
596
(726
596


 June 30
 2016
28
501
932
28
502
2
263
294
(2
465
804
(174
008



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    



NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




    
 June 30

 June 30


    
    
    

    
(726
596
(367
134

    
    
    

    
293
875
65
490

    
7
000
    

    
9
758
12
923

    
23
411
(47
421

    
(74
770
25
479

    
3
686
(3
586

    
68
220
70
666

    
72
000
45
894

    
    
    

    
(323
415
(198
146

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
297
500
164
500

    
19
000
5
000

    
(3
663
(4
323

    
312
837
165
177

    
    
    

    
(10
578
(32
969

    
    
    


 beginning of year
16
059
49
028


 end of year
5
481
16
059

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
267
    

    
    
    

    
    
134
517


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    



NightFood
Holdings
 Inc. 
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
Description
    of Business
NightFood
    Holdings
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of
    the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&nbsp;&nbsp;All
    of its operations are conducted by the subsidiary
 NightFood
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s business model is to manufacture
    and distribute snack products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings
    in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly way.




    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s fiscal year end is June 30.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company currently maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown
 New York.&nbsp;




    
Summary
    of Significant Accounting Policies
    
Management
    is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
    accepted accounting principles (GAAP).




    
Use
    of Estimates
    
The
    preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
    estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
    liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
    period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
    the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.

    
    
    
    

    
Cash
    and Cash Equivalents
    
The
    Company classifies as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments
    with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.

    
    
    
    

    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments
    
Statement
    of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the
    Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial
    position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Inventories
    consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for
    spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period
    spoilage is incurred.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
Advertising
    Costs
    
Advertising
    costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of
    operations. &nbsp;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
    website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
    and paid advertising.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company incurred advertising costs of $110
751 and $86
200 for the years ended June 30
    2016 and 2015
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
Income
    Taxes
    
The
    Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.



    
    





    
    
    
Deferred
    income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and
    those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &quot;Accounting for Income Taxes&quot;
 which requires
    the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized
    for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
    and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
    are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
    are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable
    to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
A
    valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely
    than not that the assets will be utilized.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent
    and temporary timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.




    
Revenue
    Recognition
    
The
    Company generates its revenue from products sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&rsquo;s
    and other customer websites.




    
    
    
All
    sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
    delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits.
    The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received
    in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.




    
Concentration
    of Credit Risk
    
Financial
    instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at
    financial institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&nbsp;&nbsp;To
    mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management
    believes the risk of loss is minimal.&nbsp;&nbsp;At June 30
 2016 and 2015 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.

    
    
    
    

    
Impairment
    of Long-lived Assets
    
The
    Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for the Impairment
    of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for
    impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
    Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net
    cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized
    is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
    of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on
    quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.

    
    
    
    

    
Recent
    Accounting Pronouncements
    
All
    new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective or adopted have been deemed not to be relevant to us
 hence are
    not expected to have any impact once adopted.



    
    




    
Going
    Concern
    
The
    Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because the business is new and has
    limited operating history and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.




    
    
    
Management
    is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations
    in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt
    and equity financing. However
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional
    funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary
    funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.




    
Accounts
    receivable
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company&rsquo;s snack products. On a periodic basis
    the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
    collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. 

    
    
    
    

    
Customer
    Concentrations
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2016
 no individual customer made up more than 15% of our revenues.




    
    
    
Inventories
    consists of the following at June 30


    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Finished
    Goods 
    
    
113
517
    
    
    
35
273
    

    
    
    
    
8
189
    
    
    
11
662
    

    
    
    
    
121
706
    
    
    
46
936
    





    
    
    
Inventories
    are stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs
    or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs
    and write-offs are charged to loss on inventory write down.

    
    
    
    

    
Other
    Current Liabilities
    
Other
    current liabilities consist of the following at June 30





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Accrued
    consulting fees &ndash; related party
    
    
108
000
    
    
    
36
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
108
000
    
    
    
36
000
    



    
    






    
Short
    and long term borrowings
    
On
    November 24
 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is
    personally Guaranteed by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States
    Small Business Administration (SBA).




    
    
    
The
    term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 8.25% interest rate
 which is based upon Wall
    Street Journal (&ldquo;WSJ&rdquo;) Prime 3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required
    during this 84 month period.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank
    Loan
    
    
6
513
    
    
    
10
176
    

    
Total
    borrowings
    
    
6
513
    
    
    
10
176
    

    
Less:
    current portion
    
    
(4
291
    
    
    
(4
007
    

    
Long
    term debt
    
    
2
222
    
    
    
6
169
    




    
    
    
Interest
    expense for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
 totaled $1
267 and $743
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Deficit
    
On
    October 16
 2013
 the NightFood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&rsquo;
    equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.




    
    
    
The
    Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders
    of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders.
    Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors.
    Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally
    available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's assets after
    payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends
    will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe
    to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding
    the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of
    Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will
    have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of
    holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared
    by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock
    upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any
    liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation
    preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the
    holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their
    shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than
    50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they
    so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has 28
501
932 and 26
588
588 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2016
    and 2015 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2016:




    
    
the Company sold 1
064
000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $297
500
&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
and issued 829
344 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $293
875.


    
    
and
    issued 20
000 shares of common stock as part as a loan agreement valued at $7
000.



    
    





    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has never issued dividends.




    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has never issued any warrants.




    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has never issued options.




    
Related
    Party Transactions
    
The
    Company received cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $1
000 and $15
000
    in 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 to supplement the Company&rsquo;s working capital. These short term advances have all been
    repaid. The Company reimbursed Mr. Folkson $5
000 for advances made previously during 2016. The company owes Mr. Folkson another
    $1
458 for expenses incurred on behalf of the company through June 30
 2016.




    
    
    
On
    May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted the outstanding note payable of $134
517 into 538
068 shares of the Company&rsquo;s $0.001
    par value common stock.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    amounts previously included in short term borrowings &ndash; related party of $0 and $0 in 2016 and 2015
 respectively had
    represented a Note Payable which was to be repayable upon Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp;Folkson providing the borrower with written notice
    of demand
 according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson was not permitted to demand repayment of the Note until the Company
    was profitable
 and in a positive cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson would have been allowed to demand repayment.
    The Company had agreed to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance would
    have been paid in full. Subsequently
 on May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted his note into shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During
    the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and
    $36
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &ndash; related party for 2016 and 2015 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    consulting agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
    2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term
 with thirty (30) days notice by either party.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Imputed
    interest expense accrued on the converted note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $0 and $9
894 for the years ended June 30
 2016
    and 2015
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    February 10
 2016
 shareholder Dror Tepper loaned the company $4
000. Mr. Tepper through his&nbsp;&nbsp;On April 8
 2016
    Mr. Tepper loaned the company an additional $9
000
 $4
000 of which was a cash loan made directly to the company
 and $5
000
    of which was paid directly to a vendor for services received.&nbsp;&nbsp;There was no compensation paid to Mr. Tepper for
    making these advances.&nbsp;&nbsp;These advances were secured by a promissory note from the company to Mr. Tepper
 whereby
    the company has until November 4
 2016 to repay the $13
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Should the company not be able to repay the note
    Mr. Tepper is entitled to receive 150
000 shares of Company stock as repayment of the note.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On
    March 4
 2016
 shareholder Richard Faraci loaned the company $10
000. As compensation for making this loan
 Mr. Faraci received
    20
000 shares of Company common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;This advance was secured by a promissory note from the company to Mr. Faraci
    whereby the company has until September 1
 2016 to repay the $10
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Should the company not be able to repay the
    note
 Mr. Faraci is entitled to receive 100
000 shares of Company stock as repayment of the note.&nbsp;&nbsp;After the end
    of the fiscal year
 this note was extended by both parties
 see Note 14
 Subsequenst Events.



    
    





    
Income
    Tax
A
    reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:




    
    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Statutory
    U.S. federal rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Permanent
    differences
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Valuation
    allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Provision
    for income tax expense(benefit)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
The
    tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Net
    operating loss carry-forwards
    
    
346
487
    
    
    
196
982
    

    
Non-cash
    compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Total
    deferred tax assets
    
    
346
487
    
    
    
346
487
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Valuation
    allowance
    
    
(346
487
    
    
    
(346
487
    

    
Net
    deferred tax asset
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    

 2016 the Company had estimated
U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $1
012
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2031 and 2036.
For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due
to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June
30
 2016 was an increase of $149
505. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax
position taken by the company will &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority.
The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax
returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions
would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.
Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.


loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&ldquo;IRC&rdquo;). Under section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50% change
in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per
year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.
        
As
        of June 30
 2016 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of
        Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no
        federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.
        
The
        Company's accounting policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.
        The Company has not accrued interest for any periods.




    
    




    
Fair
    Value of Financial
Cash
    and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities

    
    
    

    
    
The
    carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.

    
    
    

    
    
Fair
    value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
    between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting
    Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
    valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
    markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3
    measurements).

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
    in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other
    inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other
    market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described
    below:




    
    
    
    
Fiscal
    2016 Fair Value Measurements
    

    
    
    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    
    
Total
    Fair
    Value
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Other
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Short
    and long-term debt
    
    
6
513
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
513
    

    
    
    
    
    
6
513
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
513
    




    
    
    
    
Fiscal
    2015 Fair Value Measurements
    

    
    
    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    
    
Total
    Fair
    Value
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Other
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Short
    and long-term debt
    
    
10
176
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
176
    

    
    
    
    
    
10
176
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
176
    




    
    




    
Net
    Loss per Share of Common Stock
    
The
    Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &quot;Earnings per Share
&quot; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on
    the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator
    and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying
    financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number
    of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted
    average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method.
    Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
    if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.
    However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&nbsp;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion
    would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share).&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no anti-dilutive instruments.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Numerator
    - basic and diluted loss per share net loss
    
    
(726
596
    
    
    
(367
134
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Net
    loss available to common stockholders
    
    
(726
596
    
    
    
(367
134
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Denominator
    &ndash; basic and diluted loss per share &ndash; weighted average common shares outstanding
    
    
27
524
987
    
    
    
25
558
832
    

    
Basic
    and diluted earnings per share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
Subsequent
    Events
    
The
    Company and investor Richard Faraci mutually agreed to extend the length of an outstanding promissory note relating to a loan
    made by Faraci to the Company. In exchange for agreeing to extend the repayment period an additional 180 days
 Faraci was
    granted an additional 25
000 shares. The Company was not in a position to repay the note
 and Faraci was entitled to receive
    100
000 shares in lieu of the repayment of the $10
000 principal
 but the Company felt it preferable to extend.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
As
    part of a consulting agreement entered into by the Company with A.S. Austin Company
 Inc.
 which commenced in June of 2016
    the Company entered into a Warrant Agreement with the Consultant in July of 2017
 whereby consultant receives warrants to
    purchase 75
000 shares of common stock of the Company at $.75 per share




    
    


ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

CHANGES
IN REGISTRANT'S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT

(a)
Dismissal of Beckstead &amp; Company
 C.P.A.&rsquo;s

On
December 4
 2014 the Board of Directors of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; dismissed Beckstead &amp; Company
C.P.A.&rsquo;s (&ldquo;B&amp;C&rdquo;) as its independent registered public accounting firm.

The
report of B&amp;C on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements for the year ended June 30
 2014 did not contain any adverse opinion
or disclaimer of opinion
 nor was it qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting principles but did include an explanatory
paragraph and footnote questioning the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. During the period of B&amp;C&rsquo;s
engagement as the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm through December 4
 2014 (the &ldquo;Engagement
Period&rdquo;)
 there were no disagreements as defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K with B&amp;C on any matter of accounting
principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure
 which disagreements
 if not resolved
to the satisfaction of B&amp;C
 would have caused it to make reference in connection with any opinion to the subject matter of
the disagreement. Further
 during the Engagement Period
 there were no reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation
S-K).

(b)
Engagement of RBSM LLP

On
December 4
 2014
 the Board of Directors appointed RBSM LLP (&ldquo;RBSM&rdquo;)
 an independent registered public accounting
firm which is registered with
 and governed by the rules of
 the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 as the Company&rsquo;s
independent registered public accounting firm. During our two most recent fiscal years and through December 4
 2014
 neither the
Company nor anyone on the Company&rsquo;s behalf consulted RBSM regarding either (1) the application of accounting principles
to a specified transaction regarding us
 either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on
our financial statements; or (2) any matter regarding us that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv)
of Regulation S-K and related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K).&nbsp;

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The
term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a


 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the issuer&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer)
 or persons performing
similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

The
term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the issuer&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 management
and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;




    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and




    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Our
Chief Executive Officer does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting
will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of inherent limitations in all control systems
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the
registrant have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
We carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
 of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
on that evaluation
 our chief executive officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at June
30
 2016 due to the lack of accounting and management personnel
 as well as insufficient funds to fully engage necessary legal
and compliance resources. We will consider hiring additional employees when we obtain sufficient capital.


    
    



Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting
over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S.
GAAP.

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on our financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31
 2014. In making this assessment
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control&mdash;Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment under those criteria
 our management has determined that
 at December
31
 2014
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to a lack of resources.

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the
exemption provided to issuers that are not &ldquo;large accelerated filers&rdquo; nor &ldquo;accelerated filers&rdquo; under the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION.



PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Our
officers and directors are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

Sean
    Folkson
    
    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Peter
    Leighton
    
    
    
VP
    Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer


Term
and Family Relationships

Our
director currently has a term which will end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until successors are elected and
qualify
 subject to their prior death
 resignation or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

No
family relationships exist among our officers
 directors and consultants.



Business
Experience

Sean
Folkson
Sean Folkson has been CEO and President
of our subsidiary NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation
 since its formation in January 2010. From 2004 to 2009 he served as
president of Specialty Equipment Direct
 Inc. which is an online marketer of flooring maintenance equipment which he founded.
In 1998 he founded AffiliatePros.com
 Inc. a company engaged in assisting its clients with internet marketing which operated through
2008. Mr. Folkson received a B.A. in Business Administration with a concentration in marketing from S.U.N.Y Albany in 1991.

Peter
Leighton 
holds a BA in marketing from the University of Florida. For over 25 years he has been engaged in marketing and management for
functional foods
 biotech and turnaround companies. Since 2001 Mr. Leighton has been the founding partner of Copernican Associates
LLOC a consulting firm offering B to B and B to C services in various segments. From 2007 to 2010 he was CEO of Advana Science
Inc.
 a developer of OTC consumer products and was VP Marketing of Natrol
 Inc.
 an OTC supplement manufacturer from 2002 to 2004.
From February 2014 through March 2015
 Mr. Leighton served as Vice President &ndash; Product Strategy for Complete Nutrition Holdings
Inc.
 a company involved in operating and franchising high end nutritional product stores. He continues to serve the Company on
a part time basis.


    
    



Legal
Proceedings

No
officer
 director
 or persons nominated for these positions
 and no promoter or significant employee of our corporation has been
involved in legal proceedings that would be material to an evaluation of our management.

Code
of Ethics

We
have determined that due to our early stage of development and our small size
 the present adoption of a code of ethics is not
appropriate. If we grow we will adopt a suitable code of ethics.

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE



Our
board of directors currently only has one member and consequently does not currently have a compensation committee or nominating
and corporate governance committee. If our board of directors were to significantly increase in size
 we will consider the appropriateness
of committees.

Audit
Committee

Presently
the board of directors acts as the audit committee. The board of directors does not have an audit committee financial expert.
The board of directors has not yet recruited an audit committee financial expert to join the board of directors because we have
only recently commenced a significant level of financial operations.

Director
Independence

Our
sole director is not deemed independent because he is our majority shareholder
 CEO and sole full-time employee.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership of Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own beneficially more than 10% of our
common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of such common stock with the SEC
 and to file copies of such
reports with us. Based solely upon a review of the copies of such reports filed with us
 we believe that during the fiscal year
ended June 30
 2016 such reporting persons complied with the filing requirements of Section 16(a). Neither Mr. Folkson nor Mr.
Leighton have engaged in any purchases or sales of our common stock since we became subject to the reporting requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE

The
following table sets forth the cash and non-cash annual remuneration of our CEO and director during our past two fiscal years:



Name
    and 
    Principal 
    Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Stock
    
    Awards
    
    
Option
    
    Awards
    
    
Non-Equity
    
    Incentive
Plan 
    Compensation
    
    
Nonqualified
    
    Deferred 
    Compensation 
    Earnings
    
    
All
    Other 
    Compensation
    
    
    
    

Sean
    Folkson

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
000
    
    
    
72
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
000
    
    
    
36
000
    




Name
    and 
    Principal 
    Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Stock
    
    Awards
    
    
Option
    
    Awards
    
    
Non-Equity
    
    Incentive
Plan 
    Compensation
    
    
Nonqualified
    
    Deferred 
    Compensation 
    Earnings
    
    
All
    Other 
    Compensation
    
    
    
    

Peter
    Leighton

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


1
&ndash; To date
 Mr. Folkson has not received any payment as a result of his consulting agreement. All compensation continues
to accrue.

The
Company has not paid and has no present plan to give any compensation other than cash and the granting of shares of common stock.
The Company does not have any Stock Option Plan or other equity compensation plans.

Employment
Agreements

A
consulting agreement exists between Mr. Folkson and the Company
 whereby Mr. Folkson receives $6
000 in consulting fees each month
beginning January
 2015. As the company has not had sufficient funds to date to pay Mr. Folkson
 these fees have accrued and will
continue to accrue until such time as the Company has sufficient funds to issue payment.


    
    




Termination
of Employment

There
are no compensatory plans or arrangements
 including payments to be received from the Company
 with respect to any person named
in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above that would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or
her resignation
 retirement or other termination of such person&rsquo;s employment with us.

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS

STOCK
OPTIONS.

No
grants of stock options or stock appreciation rights were made during the year ended June 30
 2016. We have no stock options outstanding.

LONG
TERM INCENTIVE PLANS.

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension
 retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers.
We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to
our directors or executive officers.

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
information in the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock (our only class of voting
securities) as of September xx
 2016
 by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and directors as a group; (iii) each
shareholder who beneficially owns more than 5% of any class of our voting securities
 including those shares subject to outstanding
options.



Name
    and 
    address of owner
    
Amount
    owned
    
    
Percent
    of class
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sean
    Folkson 
    c/o Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. 
    520 White Plains Road &ndash; Suite 500 
    Tarrytown
 NY 10691
    
    
16
433
568&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Peter
    Leighton 
    c/o Nightfood Holdings
 Inc. 
    White Plains Road &ndash; Suite 500 
    Tarrytown
 NY 10691
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    officers and directors as a group (2 persons)
    
    
20
433
568
    
    
    
    
    


Changes
in Control

Our
management is not aware of any arrangements which may result in &ldquo;changes in control&rdquo; as that term is defined by the
provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.



    
    


ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The
Company was incorporated on October 16
 2013 and upon our organization we issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock to the Company&rsquo;s
founder
 President and CEO in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Night Food
 Inc.
 a New York corporation.
During October and December 2013
 Mr. Folkson assigned 4
000
000 shares of his common stock to Peter Leighton as compensation
in connection with his joining the Company and an aggregate of 104
500 shares to 35 persons as gifts. Mr. Folkson had advanced
an aggregate of $134
517 to us to fund our operations
 and had previously been shown on our financial statements as a Note Payable.
This note has since been converted to equity as outlined below. Our sole director is not deemed independent because he is our
majority shareholder
 CEO and sole full-time employee. The Company may seek to satisfy all or part of this indebtedness through
the issuance of stock to Mr. Folkson.



    
    
The
    Company received cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $1
000 and $15
000
    in 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 to supplement the Company&rsquo;s working capital. These short term advances have all been
    repaid. The Company reimbursed Mr. Folkson $5
000 for advances made previously during 2015.

    
    
On
    May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted the outstanding note payable of $134
517 into 538
068 shares of the Company&rsquo;s $0.001
    par value common stock.

    
    
The
    amounts previously included in short term borrowings &ndash; related party of $0 and $0 in 2016 and 2015
 respectively had
    represented a Note Payable which was to be repayable upon Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp;Folkson providing the borrower with written notice
    of demand
 according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson was not permitted to demand repayment of the Note until the Company
    was profitable
 and in a positive cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson would have been allowed to demand repayment.
    The Company had agreed to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance would
    have been paid in full. Subsequently
 on May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted his note into shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock.

    
    
Included
    in short-term borrowings - related party is $1
000 which is a short term advance to the company made on May 6
 2016 which
    was repaid after the end of the fiscal year.

    
    
During
    the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and
    $36
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &ndash; related party for 2016 and 2015 respectively.

    
    
The
    consulting agreement had an initial term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
 2016.
    This agreement can be terminated after the initial term
 with thirty (30) days notice by either party.

    
    
Imputed
    interest expense accrued on the converted note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $0 and $9
894 for the years ended June 30
 2016
    and 2015
 respectively.


ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

Audit
Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant
for the audit of our annual financial statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K or
services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those
fiscal years were $18
000 and $11
500
 respectively.

Tax
Fees

For
the fiscal years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
 for professional services related to tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning
work by our principal accountants
 we incurred expenses of $0 and $0 respectively.

All
Other Fees




    
    



PART
IV


ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation*

    
    
    

    
    
Subscription
    Agreements*

    
    
Specimen
    Stock Certificate*&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
Lease
    Receipt and terms and conditions**

    
    
Subsidiaries
of the Registrant NightFood
 Inc. a 100% owned New York corporation*

    
    
Rule
    13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Chief Executive Officer

    
    
Section
    1350 certification of Chief Executive Officer




    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document




    
Incorporated by reference to like numbered exhibit to
the Registrant&rsquo;s registration Statement on Form S-1 File Number 333-193347



    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&rsquo;s
annual report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2015



    
    





In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
NightFood
    Holdings
 Inc.

    
    
    

September
    28
 2016
    
/s/
    Sean Folkson

    
    
Sean
        Folkson
 Chief Executive Officer
(Principal
        Executive
 Financial

        


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the date indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Sean Folkson
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
September
    28
 2016

Sean
    Folkson
    
(principal
    executive
 financial and accounting officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





















     









 Sean Folkson
 certify that:


NightFood Holdings
 Inc.;


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods present in this report;


officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:


and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.


    
    

    
    

September 28
 2016
    
    

    
    
    


 Financial and Accounting Officer)
















     








SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


Annual Report on Form 10-K of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2016
 I
 Sean Folkson
 Chief Executive
Officer of NightFood Holdings
 Inc..
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:


the fiscal year ended June 30
 2016
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and


Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2016 fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of operations of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.


    
    

    
    

September 28
 2016
    
    

    
    
    


 Financial and Accounting Officer)&nbsp;














begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 #0 7H# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH

-(/


M[FNRG326IY]6JY/1Z'H^C?%*42QQ:Q;)Y;$*;B'(V^Y7_O3E8,H93D$9!KY
MN5K=)8FN$=X0V75&PQ'L:]?\+Z];QV=M;12&2R(VQ2.Y9E]CGT_2LJT%'8WP
M]24KIL[.B@'(R**P.D**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


N=
FDL\




@TN5CYX]6=A14


(XBY*XY8@U.NAI


M%BTTS0HHHH&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %











M&!/Y4R6W2:


M.E7:104444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4

\9ZU[5\3RH\&2@N%8S1A1G[QW



NR\#U(.?Z5LWNB





]FZO%++ Q&0R





^SK'5=/U*

MZ_2?BIXLTL!4U5KF

EI)T

W3K5?=C



M\

-'C^S1P%5!WF
E&*LO(JZY9?VIIC16JHDI()[ B
MO/1:317YL[B-MT;8=@#@?CT]*]52':<'C'IWJ*?:4DC$B'^$CI3C-Q5D3*G
M&3NSEK_3[



MC.4( SWQ7G






MQC/TKDOBKHMN^O:0UC#''=WY
3JB@;VW *Q]_FQ^%*XVM+H=KVAVNE?#K3)-

?BO32JS7




&
MP3T;TKK['2)(O$


H)C
MJ?:N&T;QCJ/VZWMYV29)'EB

M=#-$L)!$LLIEC:0EQ$SYV9[?6KWD;;B03
Q;/'/&*J:%KMGJ*A'G1+@#D9^5









MYW2-+\

?$OCO2K)X;RRM;.VE



NTG/Z5AR1RV\
MKQ31M'(C%61A@J1U!':OI+Q7JVJ:'I3:EIUI:W

AL=B1TIPN&Z/
MR C*

DC1LC(Z\

M*





?*B.-Y/N.@KV

T17^E?1-


P:1K+RZ;




G\^10QIW6A'JFF:/\1O!O\ :MK;B*\\MGBDV@2)(N
?D17E'A
MKP/J_BD







OA3J-_(UY8NC/9(/
60CA7)QM


RL;&\EMF/0.-ZC^1_6NZHJU4


EDSHIY:
;PP[].17G/B
M#P_?-J
]H<_%?3Q)'&DA5$;<-O!_.K-[
MJ:2W
Y0
ZN!L8D@HV!R*IR6CQL5.5;T88-5V1U/(K*[V-W%/4E+%R69BS$Y)

MH]V S_OU'J43S7L6]0EU*B^:I.
/TY]
C!QVS0)F=O\ 2@.:V?$=C;V=Y;QV

NW%V%CFDCB:&('.V)<C ]<9!/UKPHC%6=
M.O[S2[Z.]L+F6VN8SE)8FP1_B/:BQ7

MAB8&2

M6U4%G9V^GVD=K:Q+%#&
*J]JGK@;N]#U(II)



ML*__ 'T

;F.!GI4_P!BNN
1$ENB

5U

;J9%1%&#&BMCOZ'KQG

JJ;J


9E:*$J

0HL:]
*N!7


M/(,D_0O5_A_I.KZ5;W(OD




M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 





end








begin 644 image_002.gif


5I:
M
1!:

5H9
1 9








7M:
3%:


7L9
3$9
7LI8S$I8WM*8S%*
M8WL(8S$(8Q#WYA#%K2D0YD*M[T*
[]Z][W/OUM;OO9SOO1EKE-;%O9S%O7.4
MUAMSA
YA#FO??O4BEYKWO4O?O&;WO&??OC+WOC/?%4KW%4O?%&;W%&??%
MC+W%C%KO6A#O6EKO$!#O$%IK$!!K$%JM6AM6EJM$!M$%HI$! I$'.UUISO
M[UK.6A#.6EK.$!#.$%I*$!!*$%J,6A
6EJ
$!,$%H($! ($!$I4IKM4HI
MM4I*M4H(M4IKE$HIE$I*E$H(E'/O]_?OO;WOO1EKM??%O;W%O7.4]W.U[__6
M[P!KI0,I?__Y@

E2I8$#
M^0RT'-BI(0(!96;JW
FSI\^(!
B429#@1X*9/1@R)/.SJ=.G4#$:-;#- ($?
M
EF&%
#P1]2O8

M@ O$!=##0((R9!(+';S3!V# 5046IHL80-608H#9 UZC:1H 5TYKN-C( !




M6Y_9F*







C80-CT 8 -#HR( F
^$0#() 2X(+=Z4P2\'&B3B







\]TAJH2K
MV Y31SMO-9R%Z=BBG!#WB$-$R$F)
]+5DEFRH@(A04Y-*- 1MX]%1!Z0$&6L
M3(4VQTG=


M^28AU'2+'I80\QT++])E]9 81DZ1FIB$@L8P\%@\;.#P\KJ\\D'
_M)?96*D


U
-N%2*%B'M%KG^?-
MOSQ:Z8T%\



#(BX4]WD8*)5#J]7+N)WG3X2:9(3QISBI
MH7(2X6\,SL[F!JQ5SH
QPBHWT4T0
]AT5*R!4_8'[^$3!S@Q]1)Q+[X&:A



MWG(@DS(= U8J)C
MV=(CH
A^%3&*GFAG_-2))!)XQK
W7'B*L!B+&E&#A'*$
M3G5B%26+NJ:XBW7#2!/H?1NU;;PXC
18$)%W$T

#'&Q\X
M5:=T(
28'X?U2F#S2 <C)K7@2<Y$BN48

I=O.7(UC1D!29'S$3
+4'&C&7B!79D5%Q
G[11[Z4 +_AD28)  $! #L!
end













 xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
 xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
 xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
 xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
 xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
 xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
 xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
 xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
 xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
 xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2016-01-31
 xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2016-01-31
 xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
 xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2016-01-31
 xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
 xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
 xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
 xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2016-01-31
 xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2016-01-31
 xmlns:xl=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/XLink
 xmlns:utr=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/utr









2010-11-24









2010-11-23


2010-11-24









2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2015-01-01


2015-03-31












2015-05-27












2015-05-20


2015-05-27









2014-07-01


2015-06-30












2014-07-01


2015-06-30












2014-07-01


2015-06-30












2014-07-01


2015-06-30












2014-07-01


2015-06-30









2015-06-30












2015-06-30












2015-06-30












2015-06-30












2015-06-30












2015-06-30












2015-06-30












2015-06-30









2015-12-31












2016-02-10












2016-03-04












2016-03-01


2016-03-04












2016-04-08












2016-04-01


2016-04-08









2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30









2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30









2016-09-28












2017-07-31












2017-07-01


2017-07-31





I~1\FVPHexeD5678YReqi>IhkevEkirxw:6c444c555cT{h>G7I




NightFood Holdings






























































































































































































 Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;(the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All of its operations are conducted by the subsidiary
 NightFood
 Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&amp;#8217;s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly way.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s fiscal year end is June 30.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company currently maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown


 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 25.9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times,
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company classifies as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch:
 normal;
 font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. &amp;#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $110
751 and $86
200 for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 18pt; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than not that the assets will be utilized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman',
 times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent and temporary timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company generates its revenue from products sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&amp;#8217;s and other customer websites.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal;
 font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30
 2016 and 2015 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets
 and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective or adopted have been deemed not to be relevant to us


 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Because the business is new and has limited operating history and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 20.4pt; text-indent: -13.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However


 the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
 collections
 and current credit conditions


 2016


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 407px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal;
 font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;113
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color:
 #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;121
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;46


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 407px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued consulting fees &amp;#8211; related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;108
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal;
 font-weight: normal;
 font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;108
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;36


 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 20.4pt; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 8.25% interest rate
 which is based upon Wall Street Journal (&amp;#8220;WSJ&amp;#8221;) Prime 3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-family: 'times
 new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 407px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bank Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal;
 font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(4
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(4
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight:
 normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal;
 font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Interest expense for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
 totaled $1
267 and $743


 2013
 the NightFood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&amp;#8217; equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman',
 times,
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has 28
501
932 and 26
588
588 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2016 and 2015 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the year ended June 30
 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 18pt; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 408px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 78px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1081px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new
 roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;the Company sold 1
064
000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $297
500
&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;and issued 829
344 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $293
875.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;and issued 20
000 shares of common stock as part as a loan agreement valued at $7


 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $1
000 and $15
000 in 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 to supplement the Company&amp;#8217;s working capital. These short term advances have all been repaid. The Company reimbursed Mr. Folkson $5
000 for advances made previously during 2016. The company owes Mr. Folkson another $1
458 for expenses incurred on behalf of the company through June 30
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 21.6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted the outstanding note payable of $134
517 into 538
068 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s $0.001 par value common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant:
 normal;
 font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The amounts previously included in short term borrowings &amp;#8211; related party of $0 and $0 in 2016 and 2015
 respectively had represented a Note Payable which was to be repayable upon Mr.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Folkson providing the borrower with written notice of demand
 according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson was not permitted to demand repayment of the Note until the Company was profitable
 and in a positive cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson would have been allowed to demand repayment. The Company had agreed to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance would have been paid in full. Subsequently
 on May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted his note into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and $36
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &amp;#8211; related party for 2016 and 2015 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman',
 times,
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The consulting agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
 2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term
 with thirty (30) days notice by either party.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Imputed interest expense accrued on the converted note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $0 and $9
894 for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On February 10
 2016
 shareholder Dror Tepper loaned the company $4
000. Mr. Tepper through his&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On April 8
 2016
 Mr. Tepper loaned the company an additional $9
000
 $4
000 of which was a cash loan made directly to the company
 and $5
000 of which was paid directly to a vendor for services received.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There was no compensation paid to Mr. Tepper for making these
 advances.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These
 advances were secured by a promissory note from the company to Mr. Tepper
 whereby the company has until November 4
 2016 to repay the $13
000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Should the company not be able to repay the note
 Mr. Tepper is entitled to receive 150
000 shares of Company stock as repayment of the note.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On March 4
 2016
 shareholder Richard Faraci loaned the company $10
000. As compensation for making this loan
 Mr. Faraci received 20
000 shares of Company common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This advance was secured by a promissory note from the company to Mr. Faraci
 whereby the company has until September 1
 2016 to repay the $10
000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Should the company not be able to repay the note
 Mr. Faraci is entitled to receive 100
000 shares of Company stock as repayment of the note.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;After the end of the fiscal year
 this note was extended by both parties
 see Note 14


&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 37.6px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 250.4px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 962.4px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 285.6px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 684.8px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman',
 times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Statutory U.S. federal rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;20.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;27.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Provision for income tax expense(benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal
 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 37.6px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 250.4px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 962.4px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times,
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 288px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 674.67px; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net operating loss carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12.8px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12.8px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100.8px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;196
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Non-cash compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;
 font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman',
 times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 37.6px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 250.4px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 962.4px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;At June 30
 2016 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $1
012
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2031 and 2036. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2016 was an increase of $149
505. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&amp;#8220;IRC&amp;#8221;). Under section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of June 30
 2016 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company's accounting policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The Company has not accrued interest for any periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; padding-left: 25pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;
 font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; padding-left: 25pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; padding-left: 36pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; padding-left: 25pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016 Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;
 font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman',
 times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 20pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 48px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 629.67px; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short and long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 95px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new
 roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 20pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font:
 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015 Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman',
 times,
 serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 20pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new
 roman', times,
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 48px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 629.67px; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short and long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 95px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-family:
 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 20pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10


 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There were no anti-dilutive instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 407px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 125px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(726
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman',
 times, serif; width: 125px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(367
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net loss available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(726
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(367
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font:
 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Denominator &amp;#8211; basic and diluted loss per share &amp;#8211; weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;27
524
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;25
558


 Faraci was granted an additional 25
000 shares. The Company was not in a position to repay the note
 and Faraci was entitled to receive 100
000 shares in lieu of the repayment of the $10
000 principal
 but the Company felt it preferable to extend.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-family: calibri,sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-family: calibri,sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; padding-bottom: 0px; font-family: calibri,sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-family: calibri,sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-family: calibri,sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-family: calibri,sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-family: calibri,sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As part of a consulting agreement entered into by the Company with A.S. Austin Company
 Inc.
 which commenced in June of 2016
 the Company entered into a Warrant Agreement with the Consultant in July of 2017
 whereby consultant receives warrants to purchase 75


 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies



 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments




 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $110
751 and $86
200 for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015


 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px 0px 0px 18pt; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 48px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 313px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 47px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1159px; text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases


 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for


 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30


 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals




517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times
 new
 roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;121
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;46


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;108
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal;
 font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;36


513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt;
 line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(4
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 1.5pt solid black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(4
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman',
 times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: 4.5pt double black; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6


&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 962.4px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 285.6px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 684.8px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Statutory U.S. federal rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100px; text-align:
 right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;20.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;27.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Provision for income tax expense(benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch:
 normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 962.4px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 288px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 674.67px; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net operating loss carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12.8px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12.8px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100.8px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new
 roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;196
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 12px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Non-cash compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(346
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 20pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 48px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; font-stretch:
 normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 629.67px; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short and long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 95px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 20pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font:
 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=14&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015 Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;
 background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt;
 border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 20pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times
 new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 48px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 629.67px; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short and long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 95px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 94px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-left: 20pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-family:
 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;10


596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 125px; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(367
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal
 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net loss available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(726
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(367
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Denominator &amp;#8211; basic and diluted loss per share &amp;#8211; weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;27
524
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-stretch: normal; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;25
558






























 on May 27
 2015
















































































xmlns:ngtf=http://www.nightfoodholdinginc.com/20160630
 xmlns=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema
 xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
 xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
 xmlns:xl=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/XLink
 xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
 xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
 xmlns:negated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/negated
 xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2016-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap-att=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/attributes
 xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2016-01-31
 xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2016-01-31
 xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
 xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2016-01-31
 xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
 xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
 xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
 xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2016-01-31
 xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
 xmlns:ref=http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref
 xmlns:deprecated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/arcrole/fact-explanatoryFact
 xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
 xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Net


681 and $12
923


923 and $0


363 and $12
923












































































 without par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 25
700
060 issued and outstanding as of March 31
 2015 and 25
130
560 outstanding as of June 30
 2014


 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 28
501
932 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2016 and 26
588
588 outstanding as of June 30
 2015


 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 26
588
588 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2015 and 25
130
560 outstanding as of June 30
 2014













































 Shares









 Shares






































































































































 Value






 Shares








 Value





 Shares

















 Value





 Shares













































































































































 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events








 Notes






















































































































































































 Long-term and Short-term






















































 Value





 Shares















































 Value





 Shares






































 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate





 Deduction





 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance




















 Tax Deferred Expense























































 Inputs





 Inputs





 Inputs






























































 Value
 Share-based Compensation










 Value
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2016
Sep. 28
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













 Inc.













































  2016



































































400
867



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



691
432









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











481


059



Accounts receivable (net of allowance of $22
681 and $12
923
 respectively)

358


528





706


936





400


086





945


609





945


609












441


221





000


000





290


007





000


000





000







731


228





222


169

















Common stock
 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 28
501
932 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2016 and 26
588
588 outstanding as of June 30
 2015
 respectively)

502


589





263
294


666
832





465
804)


739
208)





008)


788)





945


609




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.






















































































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015









Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts

681


923



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

501
932


588
588



Common stock
 shares outstanding

501
932


588
588







A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











918


409












712


835





751


200



Selling
 general and administrative

545


169





240


701





247


905





329)


496)












267







000









894





596)


134)












596)


134)












524
987


558
832




































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.



















































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

















































































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning balance at Jun. 30
 2014

127)


131


256
816


144
325)



Beginning balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2014



130
560









490




228





Common stock issued for services
 shares



960









483




945





Common stock issued for debt conversion
 shares



068









500




842





Common Stock issued for cash
 shares



000









134)






134)



Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2015

788)


589


666
832


739
208)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2015



588
588









875




046





Common stock issued for services
 shares



344









000




980





Common stock issued as part of loan agreement
 shares



000









500


064


436





Common Stock issued for cash
 shares



064
000









596)






596)



Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2016

008)


502


263
294


465
804)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2016



501
932





































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











596)


134)












875


490





000







758


923





411


421)





770)


479





686


586)





220


666





000


894












415)


146)












500


500





000


000





663)


323)





837


177





578)


969)



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

059


028



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

481


059












267
















517


























































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.



















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







NightFood Holdings
 Inc.&#160;&#160;(the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&#160;&#160;All of its operations are conducted by the subsidiary
 NightFood
 Inc.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
The Company currently maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown
 New York.&#160;







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







Management is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company&#8217;s financial statements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. &#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&#160;&#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $110
751 and $86
200 for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
The Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore


 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
All sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&#160;&#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&#160;&#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&#160;&#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&#160;&#160;At June 30
The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets
 and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective or adopted have been deemed not to be relevant to us
 hence are not expected to have any impact once adopted.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&#160;&#160;Because the business is new and has limited operating history and relatively few sales
Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for reporting when there is a substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time (generally a year from the balance sheet date). Disclose: (a) pertinent conditions and events giving rise to the assessment of substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time
 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







The Company&#8217;s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company&#8217;s snack products. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
 collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible.







The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







During the year ended June 30
 2016
 no individual customer made up more than 15% of our revenues.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







Inventories consists of the following at June 30
113
35
8
11
121
46
936



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







Other current liabilities consist of the following at June 30


36
108
36
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







On November 24
 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
The term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 8.25% interest rate


10
6


(4
(4
2
6
Interest expense for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
 totaled $1
267 and $743
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







On October 16
 2013
 the NightFood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
The Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
The Company has 28
501
932 and 26
588
588 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
During the year ended June 30
the Company sold 1
064
000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $297
500
and issued 829
344 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $293
and issued 20
000 shares of common stock as part as a loan agreement valued at $7
000.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







The Company received cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $1
000 and $15
000 in 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 to supplement the Company&#8217;s working capital. These short term advances have all been repaid. The Company reimbursed Mr. Folkson $5
000 for advances made previously during 2016. The company owes Mr. Folkson another $1
458 for expenses incurred on behalf of the company through June 30
On May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted the outstanding note payable of $134
517 into 538
The amounts previously included in short term borrowings &#8211; related party of $0 and $0 in 2016 and 2015
 respectively had represented a Note Payable which was to be repayable upon Mr.&#160;&#160;Folkson providing the borrower with written notice of demand
 according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson was not permitted to demand repayment of the Note until the Company was profitable
 and in a positive cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson would have been allowed to demand repayment. The Company had agreed to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance would have been paid in full. Subsequently
 on May 27
 2015
During the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and $36
The consulting agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
 2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term
Imputed interest expense accrued on the converted note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $0 and $9
894 for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
On February 10
 2016
 shareholder Dror Tepper loaned the company $4
000. Mr. Tepper through his&#160;&#160;On April 8
 2016
 Mr. Tepper loaned the company an additional $9
000
 $4
000 of which was a cash loan made directly to the company
 and $5
000 of which was paid directly to a vendor for services received.&#160;&#160;There was no compensation paid to Mr. Tepper for making these
 advances.&#160;&#160;These
 advances were secured by a promissory note from the company to Mr. Tepper
 whereby the company has until November 4
 2016 to repay the $13
000.&#160;&#160;Should the company not be able to repay the note
 Mr. Tepper is entitled to receive 150
On March 4
 2016
 shareholder Richard Faraci loaned the company $10
000. As compensation for making this loan
 Mr. Faraci received 20
000 shares of Company common stock.&#160;&#160;This advance was secured by a promissory note from the company to Mr. Faraci
 whereby the company has until September 1
 2016 to repay the $10
000.&#160;&#160;Should the company not be able to repay the note
 Mr. Faraci is entitled to receive 100
000 shares of Company stock as repayment of the note.&#160;&#160;After the end of the fiscal year
 this note was extended by both parties
 see Note 14
 Subsequenst Events.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016





















June 30













































































































346
487



196
982



















346
487



346
487



















(346
487



(346
487
























 2016 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $1
012
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2031 and 2036. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2016 was an increase of $149
505. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.


 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.

As of June 30
 2016 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.









































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







Cash and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Accounts Payable
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
&#8212;Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
&#8212;Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
6
6
6
6
10


10
10
176



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&#160;&#160;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
(726
(367
(726
(367
27
524
25
558
832













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







The Company and investor Richard Faraci mutually agreed to extend the length of an outstanding promissory note relating to a loan made by Faraci to the Company. In exchange for agreeing to extend the repayment period an additional 180 days
 Faraci was granted an additional 25
000 shares. The Company was not in a position to repay the note
 and Faraci was entitled to receive 100
000 shares in lieu of the repayment of the $10
000 principal
As part of a consulting agreement entered into by the Company with A.S. Austin Company
 Inc.
 which commenced in June of 2016
 the Company entered into a Warrant Agreement with the Consultant in July of 2017
 whereby consultant receives warrants to purchase 75
000 shares of common stock of the Company at $.75 per share



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.









Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.




Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&#160;&#160;The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.&#160;&#160;




Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. &#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&#160;&#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $110
751 and $86
200 for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




The Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.




All sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for
 credits claimed by the customer.




Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&#160;&#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&#160;&#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&#160;&#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2016 and 2015 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.




The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.




All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective or adopted have been deemed not to be relevant to us
 hence are not expected to have any impact once adopted.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.



















































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







113
35
8
11
121
46
936



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







108
36
108
36
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016







6
10
6
10
(4
(4
2
6
169



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016



















June 30

















































































































346
487



196
982



















346
487



346
487




















(346
487



(346
487





















































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016








<font

6
6
6
10
10


10
176



































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016






Schedule of earnings per share
 basic and diluted
(726
(367
(726
(367
27
524
25
558
832



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











751


200



































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2016











































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











517


273





189


662





706


936



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items used in storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods that are targeted for sale to end users.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











000


000





000


000







Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











513


176





513


176





290)


007)





222


169
































































Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 24
 2010
Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015





























Term of small business loan
 description

 which is based upon Wall Street Journal (WSJ) Prime 3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.




















267

























































































































































Description of the short-term debt arrangement
 and disclosures pertaining to the underlying arrangements
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 restrictions on assets and activities
 debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015









Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares issued

501
932


588
588



Common stock
 shares outstanding

501
932


588
588



Voting rights
 description






Common stock issued for cash
 shares

064
000







500







875


490





000





Common stock issued for loan agreement
 shares

000


























Common stock issued for services
 shares

344


960























































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Description of voting rights of common stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Apr. 08
 2016
Mar. 04
 2016
May 27
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015
Feb. 10
 2016





























000


000















000


000





Common stock
 par value


























240


701





Related party payment
 description









 on May 27
 2015
 Mr. Folkson converted his note into shares of the Company's stock.







Interest expense
 related party











894















290


007















663


323





















































000





000















Cash loan
 Amount

000

















000








000













































000























000











000






000



















































000


000















000

















458













517











Common stock
 par value






















068




































000



















000


000




























































































































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































The cash inflow associated with collection
 whether partial or full
 of long-term loans to a related party. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances to Affiliates.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
























































The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015
































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deductions. Including
 but not limited to
 extraterritorial income exclusion deduction
 qualified production activity deduction
 dividend deduction
 deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan
 Medicare prescription drug benefit subsidy deduction
 and other deductions.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











487


982












487


487





487)


487)








































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















012
000










505





































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015
































513


176





513


176








































513


176





513


176


































































































































































Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.




























Fair value of financial obligations
 including
 but not limited to
 debt instruments
 derivative liabilities
 federal funds purchased and sold under agreements to repurchase
 securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
 financial instruments sold not yet purchased
 guarantees
 line of credit
 loans and notes payable
 servicing liability
 and trading liabilities.



















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015











596)


134)





596)


134)





524
987


558
832







































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jul. 31
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015















000









663


323



Common stock
 per share






























000









000

























000







Common stock
 per share


































































































The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Value
 before forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 
J+/$GSW$M9R0$  $H:   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
V9RT[#


MM





2

J+/$D;CBH[JP$



MQ9
_E_'8-J$Z=F'T7I^;L!CNK[(JQF[A7-A6OB[#0]OY9EC=MWU=QN&R/[BN




G .@G(%JG2V*7@52-Q







M'H)G9R.^/V?LZ

(
MD'
^45#?78[.I&#+8MK90M3ZF][K.2&

M)\:6IGHPU$P$-F4WQEKSFWK;DE*H9%1
[XUW; !$E72UR$=0A5Y^A)8LLEPC






M_F'QF%7C@D[SXC8?WRSH-9L4C-*/PV1G_@;#NAOBWSH^&4S;184U7+C;I)%I



M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
M 

U66VO;
!3^*T(9
MHX41VREUV6H;1B$PV

M(_G84:WV%#]L
5:@9937


M_N/E[1R_L N7$#B.3WD



M]:9LCGM*Z[^*%[3%D$!'HZJB^X^4E)QA)]9!:]'-GJ



$%     @ RHL\2?VL+\$



X6#T

MLL!8%.Q







Q$5.31P#M4#6MEQ=M L.
J7./E

U*94Q0W=S8EM6UL:25/WJC7YJ&
M..X_K/^PR]7N[ZED6U[_K0[JK+U%87!@1WJMU1N__V3]&F;&8



Y')+ +
;C&V-+C$7T&TQ.0GEAZ
J*GSA;YB P6

?$)E(KFQ;\$]




XB1H *= )M-_

M]H


PK&8X%N94*T$F#.YYQV*







&5
744( @3

/NJMB.]










I.8

MHXXAI92I
[I 53QI^FK='OIFN(NVYMQ8WU]-1J\-]P/S36
POG&-^- VWZ99

MG-[_!:X_).M_4$L#!!0    ( 
J+/$G8TC0JO@







MF


MJ \-]&B@KP;RXY#


1!]A40AC6LN
MDLU%]O;ZUMZ@7 9(W$/*'G*7) QRH?I &%LMY2%$AC'5B4%T
*H+62AL].


*1;SE7(E$HY;?

&UXYSI9Q&





Z<3YT #. NG


[//[)_'8?K[;^5G=VX

M1[%^%#.@R)QK-H$F X(LF/7UI-$SIUB(W*A@0%2FE2PBTVM8-X9Q(P(WAG1C


\0T$Q9B THY@'8]AC(04Y(10Y







%GTHH7OPK;2.')!'UXV];]!]!D9'<'2KKP?Q9#



ME==2-E75'BI%.;1GUA[;*






MDR!/!/E_2]R*^?A7$K;JJ0;;IM%QI

MD0OZ\+*I_PVBAR ENSM0TH7_LQ@*&A^/]^%LIY&:#(_][8
LO[3\#5!+ P04



MXR9N+\ 

M=19$E4!:

JF]='!
MBIS-N$IJ
$ZB(1;J SUN]J==C$@!3Q(&MSB3J/V
^!*-G]6!9E$*A]9!!A
MN\ ]*!6)0N+?5\[WE!&X/$_LWU.U0?U9.+A']2PKWP:Q&245U*)7_A&''W M

;$]@.O2FI[HKUSPY$Q







@I3LYI:2+OR?Q5#0^'B\V<[C=1D



MVF?6'E\48%S Z_3O]CK6(F5%V&.6?.#$

5MU

M\^\$$J


#@1



J+/$G8
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$S+GAM;'U3P6[<






M971S+W-H965T






J+/$D6O0V1


Q



#@2
[6VY^$%=P?F
M&U$%9ZP[WGFAUGLOY2[_4=!+()IC3E






N.=UZH]=Y+L=OSG%TT1QSFF+X
M.F:)8)Y]2<&W4ISX/W^#4\W%:81GOZA
-TFR#8)LDB0_;?$K9CLKR1LU5
-


ML0




G.\I(W!Y


M965T



?2FI[H*USW9XQ6[:@N+W#K2_J=$H
M[KQI&F8[ [R*(59FB373'&A:9%'W[

M$4WK@H

M@L

-]G-!%L'I!
@G0&W210^)HHR
M?W+'B]S@0
S8VHZ'%]SL4]^(






M1
2 7P)&NSJ3H/V
^!J

MG1=JO?=29ONLH)= -

M!]












M!10#%'YZ0:!B(;_00J$B@
+/
!TD&((K-8=P@!%XNM H(4,0'!9HP2@\',
M!/E)$,UZ':?R[%JZFIQZ=P+











P/7YQOXU51O47X2#)U2_9.V[(#:CI(9&#
J_X/@-YA+N(V&%
MRJ655(/SJ&\02K1XFW9ITCY.-WP_P[8!? ;P!7#(DO I49+Y17A1%A9'8J?6

M^39\OZEPG^#[=?8\VR;(-PGR1)#_4^+A0XE;


C




!-!2E*6IE^HXD(G51E]3Z8J<712:'@R


M!Y1_1.-Z+S9-2 




5-)[0E9W3^

M 

P:%XXGNZ,WQ+-O.1P<K[;@


&


M9SN-U&1X[&\?9/FEY3]02P
$%     @ RHL\20G_Q!6N 0  %@0  !D   !X

MTTO)]


CR$)W+_R?.+TD/7

M1/'**]LZLVE*JA9+^PS#G]@*B$X+%&8\5E;RS*R0ADKV/(U=A',:=NW2
MQ0'9!








M8W*[.9RR$!$#?@D8[.)
@O8SXELPGJICD@8)(*%T@8'[[0)W(&4@\HG?)\[/



:8]@B9C-'4
\^IV!K*4[L'SA;AV]7%6XC
M?+O
59[(WK!7PII#N.:?J[P&8







M%E@MJR\P.I&X-M=%0)FZS$B5&.MNOX+I='V//&SLQ=-&36'PZJ]N]6HT+V
MPKA*S*S3:+PDKK]W]H




-Z(.
RE.[ N<[</S785YA.<?
M%/XG?[%+4$2X@

M+W-H965T

5?!?$ -;:!M!%!6IBJ[6)2U8OMVH&/@&IC
M
-@ D^!._T(6R



O]NZ8S+_BW]V5=KZ4]
0R'YK[8RC86-

I)5&:-F

MEF2#957R

_Q@ZMQV.CA)8V^QOVNUE 9L
M8O1@(QO[N
P##K5QW9WMJ_'_-@Z
[&^OQ_R$Y7\ 4$L#!!0    ( 
J+/$GC

Q+GAM;(U476_;

M95NMD(%ZBQ^3S2X+B CXTT)O9W
4O.^U?@W!KVJ+:;   DH7%+@?3K #(8*0









8603*:*EM C'-E1:4
1MD%GZ;
M
C^6M

@

:K2K8B&
'=%RR)ER7Q

S




M;A$.\*N#4=W
/9O[48@/N_A1;_W I@ 


MBM&3T\\;J#TCX28QK:YLT'76[9E6*!.]E%&4%N1BA6;
;L)$=YCL'K-'

MPR
B#A8(

M
$R(FZ2H28H(K-J]PS Q;I*A)ADBD*Q

$R*F^2H28X(K(_6A


KR
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,T+GAM;(U646^;,!#^*X@?4+ -!BJU&2:

M'ONJ%&?5U!U_[ -Y;EO6_UOS1EQ6(0JO!T_UX:C

MJ_ !W6]09B 6\;OF%SE;!X;\LQ O9O-SMPICPX$W?*N

#
AJ0=X/$9CHPLWE]
M8XI592\N03\TX\1
S]$]T97;FD-;*/M.9R;UZ6N%259&K\;1B%D/&#S#H D1


T






MRA
)T




M_

+8-J@NX
M*;.Z_PTV+W53YN^469 G;\



M812=):3Q$0 I]S7&

H9#EKBUJ+(<+OQ[:63AA&QH\(6C?X/$G)A1=\?RDE]9D+LH^A9ONI[A






E#0K@0PALA







_P=02P,$
M%     @ RHL\28.]EK[G 0  XP4  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M

M#T(#N
D&O\XY_JXMG ^





MO%A-=*V9*_9K11Q
$J0 )HK(21$9?SRCB-P!L3




?X[:WY:6N)Z?E=_=M6:[*]$P9.@?[I*MR99% 85U&2@
M^DV
+S7D%K!4E#EOD$Y*W8G1(&C'Q




S)(V# ^@;0#M
M DCL#(C:@&@0$#3*;%U?F6+KM!97KVXVX\3,GI/G2*_<SDS:A;+/=&52SU[6
M=)FDP<4D:IF7AJ'W3)_80(*.R30 CH5%%5!;7S44S''$T1H@L@FB'L)%H
R









MF
6/XS:




KK+(*_K&+7$M
A63E/<2V2O+9/O/*
M/)OV38[

+EVVJV81!R()$G
66/Q
M]O1JHC\2O/95JE.]:#)KWJE4+5Z2SRTBIV;)NHPNQ;C/F,P&F+V4PSN$8YR
MT-MP(1L[%Y# (XDIQATB#@ +@EUX8#(\$^\-7+@P@0\2^(; 'Q!XHVVTF,A@
MJG8; 4(S/@-0)@!D_)%,,)'QPG#DY3 %^9[KP59T$H(6 E&5EK
\DD%+1 :

N.'



A12F(P 2[5PU;@=05&DFQXM')&RHV/B


LO5[YXNJFKU\L4+-5O(9:P&Q4KF\
F\*)=Q!;^6MR_4JI1QHA92




M2Q

 TZB^IF 3^4=6C5 BY715YV/H_5HD,OLQGR*5*.9/I

M+_


M1MS%62TC


MFL



+!V&7!^-_5/[


WLF_-
M]M]?Q0HT'GRH)
UJ/%)N=E^A\-98CY=K3_U)HE:/+!@P)+Z5EBCFAB$V.V


M.5YYJEEM7 E?I=O?.

_HH_(QJ(
M6DG2UYR( 'T#Q%+8;.B@4A]177_5RX*$+\&\1O8N5)PA@(U*U!ZZ8\;N N6X

-L?XMFM- 899PL@3@



@I9C](=5+3.K+3/5^C +LJ0=]*
M5UTEX;54LS)=57KPJQJT9]G5O7J&]:OZ84? :#Z5NKSNXH=Q
U??OZ+]H?]




ML?4!2DDL02&I&( 1X7R20MK3D'
 .





MHYUIMRY;E1X[8B;D=DZ1&$BP)PWE1P!* V\0Z+E=UDN+Y714$Q6BDZ(& 
!
MB1UWU6,KF6&MO_7&?T5SZZY90+7D;D]!3,M=GDU+0T[/= 6X^J1CFD(KJ!
MIB

RI4&F%V



MOR\

M&L

_R)?(FD

_P-;/RE!\&J!Y^)]=F565M*:#I1FF7O;N@






M
M%8EVA73YJSN
J 3= CHE50I;?(HTAUQL
VUUIE\4Q3??.T19YI5](B!;32

*(D


MG8 F/YM?5JLR3A49V2A

QL*@::&=9
M&*(



L]IAK
MO7H&[&9JW(J#0*2IBC^Q/TNN.
L%L)C;49AGM=Y0I_8$)P+A&JGF7L8(A4M
M%FSBC#Z0],.G!EQ 0 *,[^S..,,;TAE!DL@[(L]8*^



LJ.



/?0[1

MW7#NH


)Q-#H^

M+XWJ'?BE25E'P'EZUT*T:Q;'^6J*L?RWQ$%3O49I0QD;BQ(W^?G_-
L
$-V&

MN93 _=^!M;C$K+7Q/H%MV&+_E N(WB'4GP25C+H$NI^*DG0O70T UP%V1-9[
M3#[2/:G0N\U



!ZAFY_K5Z2Z?

MG3%9D7*_8;$_ 4A@














M!C9[-=?^5C[;G'4D


M:*(IK_5R]G
= *$!& U+Z7.@:D#715$HD_]'(C3F-)VJHSZP(PY+5+R2(WI9
M'4LTN4CZ(/F#\2QY^D

M+*OB6=!MVS]RC2TV&F*\LW=B^]@V?89#K.A^?UL.3.E=-Q#3X\EPP3'CCHK0
M


M\
G20_'13E%*EU


MH_W5XISE+8!B_^8C2^3?FZSLPN,#R[B;.Y)%985.D35H/R!,:G?@@TS/C(]
MC?Q=6?Q7.MG'9T0YZFVZ:)MSP?[Y- F]]C!Y!CXA\_QVB^PEOLYQFJ2=#V8
M^1G_WH-Y#I:N0Y-

!S*Y=<8-7E'9J&9CEWN=$8]Y

MG(FJU5SV@C;E0R=KUY
DS*$36PAH_7(2$\#PSR.G8RR-&Z][SB;2Z4N;SA;M



;
 TO5(W+*ZKLLCW)*

M1@BR* '):#P(='[!ZP7Q2G^-EH7D)N&I&D^9JJW9'30UMJM\6'4]H[HPK4]
ME07L77/P)F)^2#'XFXB+&+3:-(B;HR%?[50UGZOQ-G!TG*O9,]F==R.U6%K

M43;M9N(^4(/@A 3-+


M'V=8T;LW&NZ-#\15NW(W]N6'25I$X4%J:
SO95HK5&!BY:(E5.CY?OGY+Z'*



:/N


XTF8II$'K]CK.


-_H\L
9
MYAL-Q




64;7NG0[+TL&<:50);Y<9J&7Y9
MIA?IT[


M6


I
M&Z



M+Y
&J%%U2

*0
X6&ILO/VBU6](Q/.K^BTPR
HC@@8C_T@ 4JMHVTV'J59O3
1Z'YIEDTYT/&*C0/664#[?@Z#&=]I1$-)'KHY92MJMJRQ^S!F(MMD

M%TW2'*(9(!X=#RD*'YEMT(=P2^5P[:'C R]RU31Y36:-EPEC^DDU V0(26^C

MQW;S_]KMYCMJ\?KN\YOXZ#]G


6[^5@;2@^[5N-6$/LGKC_LXIP'OT!!



MH


M7[I-'SKREP;8;[ZBS
Y64SUQZ[Z 0*-JI]O[
(2G-[J]D^KNT1YZQ$&L+U@A

MA_BGKBA -PUC9W P&99ER6EPP)5YH6_N Z-LO^DYWJ7-]VZF^'5+Q'J-O
MK2O3LIDW.YKYLCN9@

:/N\L$71Y!4I*C[O*T.%@U/UC
MP+73'H+NLNY$])YU_[JU
ZT]

0_WTO7
2/[OZ.P



4     #*BSQ)2'4%[L4    K @
MP              @ 'Z 0  7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     #*BSQ)


6QE<RYX;6Q02P$% 
4





J+
M/$G9UYIH/P

M+W-H965T
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #*BSQ)I'4O^/@!  #T!0  &



M:&5E='

J+/$G8TC0JO@
  *L0   8


ML0


M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 




4     #*BSQ)3Z4JYZ$!  Q

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


MH;.? 0  L0


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ RHL\2:05+QA 0  L0
  !D



M:&5E=#(S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
J+/$FJ!TR;H@$  +$#   9



M:&5E='


4
V^ @  /0H  !D              ( !#%T
M 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S-YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #*BSQ)[0(#

M=#
U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
J+/$D+.-O_]@$  -P%   9



M='


X+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( 
J+/$D%S+[EUP(  &L.   9                4IJ  !X;]W




YX
M;6Q02P$% 

:+GAM;%!+!08     
@ R ) -   5G      !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001213900-16-017109-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( 
J+/$E8;]\.:WD  -J10 1    ;F=T9BTR,#$V,#8S,YX






M 7(/I=]Y(MF:WY3]@KU
A.@;SPW%MY#=M$^1O+5R-!K?A':?_R(G[PRY7Z
M\G'\I=/[\KMW_P4&;=VV6E_
_VX_+OW^Q7Q X88RG
T_2QN_&4L1
$V///H)




.4WWY&6
M# TLS);PNS$^8T7P:BTZ+WY-'GN$U\\OETZ168 

M^X;[

MPU*+(;!^M6S'1:?M




RC-D3B#TASKP1F=












MXJ4



WF H)TH[;)E%55Y.!)^U919U

M=!8/




MJV:UY^C#7M94SF9


MEQT-EZ!CSZ6#IA+K -L EB RU9FXSX85?X=I4KO6ZG=[$M?.]=RYN*#YXZ
M  7/N_U![W*P!
0Y%+L#N2
9SR_:PV[G\DD@=1'H]P  F+.A^2DF]&ON?EV9

&';=SSEA
MN R&-3!F97+Q?'@YS!XK0%E?Q!O3]PUXR:1H:'$H*#BW:WEU=S9O)G@[2S
MR.L






1S;
MG.:^C0+XT=3W









MP6 M!@L0[1O\'1=@,.QTUFZ!;<%?: -T  707[AR]S10!2QJR3J


MHN3Z\Y45@E]W&/8^;U\.V[W\98\-@2L



MOKAX4N(O@:TPC';EM'9GV-T9H^4-TDU(=]$L.L3-^L[EX
DV]

WLS3;^]2].^%.H(RTJG#GBEQ=C&.H5:[?\
M\*7K!4!8]E^AG()<<4# ZN8N__58/J;!E
@



_Y9-F[8SZ5
MSNS5DZLXQ\=.\(FIT1OB$E0.#WPKR]0;C_ (JG3($?[1;N*?+T?)ER_Q\?1#

\#^Z<7?
W-/ 9J




OO


I-50M\
V@9,PA[6_5!T
M_E\YT

.]P]OHVAK2?V3NI=?.

MI$'[YSH-1K^?6U6U\R7(E:@ %=-F
/G3HLSACRY\P0.;75_=O&:WGB\M-NRT

3TALDWYT;QH[Y@#
N--AOZ0
MA1G1&_BZ*2'.K&;DSGWR8VD?:'DT&3%@=*?$?#-V ROED.A3W XP\)TGJMS
M31(L]'0I'N3S5 YT4J*5HA?Y/

M*NW0X $$M[[R.UV5S@




MEP9T4O*5HA?Y9



MOA7HZF+(259\K







& D7 D_(9]TE89\_
J ['_] =!SV5* 0/ZM^;GWZ02BD-Z0B
MB5Y$KQ.G%XGF

M@\&3E_0P8
E1&[@?#P*L?WV-?HF#0HE0I4^$.FSN4Y(PNB!65Z2+4CI4.B6E






U\84P;VTXFN/GF4*K31


M*S?L)((7I6C%^44[].#'8[5SKP:U*%
8' %+V7+M98D_?Z$FJ@$X23AL5^
MX-T%?*H+.::U__U 3DUK8_0=







MX^2Y

MXP(@2ZI?ZIZY\ZZ]P-:9M*3N )R!A7*8^

M'L%U9E*.0


M^%ECQWM0BQ4HYZ7RXQ

RFH$PGK:MJU6:=PTQD_RP#&GG
MQ2WCJJ
+R.AY#

0AEEQ/ZX)#[N&$IN^U



84-:VF&OKF\HZQ0KCK3X&LQ&#
X4BG&07
MDEUX;.6<!.9Z%.'<#R&ODA30(!5Z%.<\O.U-UN,SFJ;PQ[S+,$U69(J7S+NG
M<=-&%TVF'(YZ/:DF':3?73!R (;1'JVM#G4ZK\[4QA^J( .H);\X(F53:




HE1'








M/2M#VO)+R(E=Y24)L$[W$$;V_0N.R2W#UBD3W\1#=?

;+H/@



MR\B[9]*7BEW.+2


MF&JY+'_V3-8^8PH2\6=2D;B=FO8:+5:)!&HV!O1]53I2G*V^)Z Q*SY'?2






1R)@G5Z#@2)M

MD*;D
M7_RDV)N)%&/V[INP(EW [.-X+T1-# 4:TUPR'$4Z.HDF?% 8[/+UO?)N'^X
/V-<WP4ZTJEO H]/95M*1=3-&2
M])].J]GSPV/5



89]AC4WPM+AQ

M5QT


MY8RHG!&5
M\%@1%]86/+<F6U?

?()35K
MV0\ALZ+N+_
V$^RM&$M+AL^D
M70GAL3EX.+R^VH1T6TUQ#UH\L^6J&'W5K:


WK#[Z#ON+9HL$ZW5%3[FH)%%PBTY%
QQ)X]F0O

MK19V4\9_?C1FF4)+\+M6L]5J

YO 0
M0!4!OK:\EV XV+!,F8@:G,;&$Y/)BW.GSM\43XVTR&4*'7XPC?-
1=[I)


MB-X/67&1!-]EP+B/I.5. Q?V7]HU]7#E$2-@(I[. K!DQ0:P%$IB ^0G_7R@

3
Q&SR
M54_/EVJ!V[.[E;!TUU9XTVE-T%


MSO*&JU UFCZ3WOHAY12BFD919B2]HW4P[I\[
-Q






Y%BS-Y]$U:D

GH-TXO!]QUS
M?605#*!H=4

M]3DAY'04!=C++D
 ]IT!&&_II8--N:T[2-Q++U+.C-FF: EB9
:TXC&]!W@Z


KG
ZT^L59#N]MK]-L78
V!#=OO#ANM0;8&
 ]C_BJ56?/NG?-S;
MK-/L6-AFFL^\*2Q)<:OS2^Z<2NX*ADV2/]*

FL[8P'NC3GB=YF*122 63AUD!&A*]R


*Y
M9061[A- 1@5.2%^& N3C#0F:
RQT<7^FGY_%#
WAN @/?$QS2E=')S'UE!I9D\8B
-X65/^R(X!GH<B@D7,Z!S
M12=6Y#&3R5\YT$DF$KUJ3]2(63SD[PF^4/T(IN_NE3\Z+)K
0I
$#\VP1OF

2RS3EY0V7'HY\G8WE-\:5'/



F:PM+9\9Y5'





MP[N87&K+\5@$ N\RU@2WVBW6H2/TZT1Z43BVN\UA39:K0
.K=FQ7.X2.O8\&
MS79-5JN
1@V=-16$:=$F\O]P)S+YU;I---XXJC_2AUC@@YWBUY1^2_1%G4G:


#E8YPK2(/F$H4


D25&

X[$V)T?1R72_







@02_]N\%D]JYFBRVQ@ T3R
2PGFAS<F?T;QAI+



HB;T'4%ZDLLQ[<$6@)M+'+0 R5O
@



P

M C/

O/T0Y/UN)?
M

E+G=YS[
Z:RP3&<7\.94^B+V<%4_

WO)@=




M8]MN

MG3-W/MD/CK@7#FMG%^5'[; B ([W\'A^;X2GNCIR%^




OT#'IT2S[4!P3 )^?DRZN




M47QJS^WNJ8F.K':NPW82_Q6^[.GQ3DN)9_+YXVHD7A8XJRU .7 RN$N.7&

H;@Q7-WQH





'



1I7M7F%4


1VH_

4J
M$:I%Z*YZ8D^H$JJ51I6V+Z%*J%865=J^AJA6EE4:?M6!]4ZYI3$&4Z]84D;



)!Q(.)!Q(.%32NRCK)J)DL/++JI-!=.


M5
=SGJU@Y





&I'F


%LX3C


;/F:/Q @/0

MI6MY4Q3I/!13& %@#1AW' 9_ZRNZ0+AP E)TZCOB&[.X+['I(Q ILD)42WJ2

M^TWVWF#

DF5
DFM
PF5+@)F53Q\##7: ;3
MWDL4\K#TH7D5OL3Y'@3:7_ 0!['-[S0&(Z'!U0.K1R-[40C0N'HT.PKP7SC0




M:

==;&%NZ*ST+FL^RSSV=Y#ZL3 )MI.2__I
M#OP:ZD2/R$EO[/9@9JLR_=K4Q4?7:HOQ.9YQ:-TVV-T-XYCZY!:5SR@9

MF[EK:
@S[+3;/SV=7Y=]^-'-NY7W[6KOGIR0GUTB17

MC9?C5B!



M%D\4%\B+8=+U[L0W 



MEA.$NO3D5?.FR:X0


M/TQY2G:50J)G




8@




W&E3YV*V;IYF YUH8#
M:.V$4?4?8LZH<^/ 166,X=5$68^X^U7-7P+S DP#(284_ $DM2+5+8O@S&Z


RGFPU/Q)NV+

L;\XB&#E)DX]9QV&'NL=ML

@@R%H0[UT
U'O!C'QX
AK(:#BZ
MT9#L1_F\(X*3IB&I^SU0


&UE


%036H?_:OK/;@XR-P&$-_\V,HP)_4(#9A#; +)/:599B:=A=7X5/:

MV1#5I-'H\4F[C2EI;JH2S8%W(.;=EC''.3




MC4ZKI6VLI+DZIILC875*8[?5T#F-^FG4]QB.4;ZPL)&U
]LE-O&$\9&/2F#2
MPRW_1@9*V3


M?.C@A)QB%

M?$^92_88J ILO*UA3G R.2X7O5:#O;B:)\+@
%E'Z45R=323T:(OE21W8'0R

W[$
57H


!@&N
MDEB8AAF^
MVT
)T7T);Q?.?PZP
/[Q%\.%5\P'24\'QH-&14#(A
NM
'XK

M(+K










N2[\%%GS

-F
N4N!\9/


:Z7]BG0]P!\+T0=H)6:BD;_


]UB

WA.P')):*(;1(2SIY'\;=[&
[VTH;M;

[WU






M[1\=NW#CZZAH@Z&)


S6;LIC1VAS6.!I: ?-#/0






7OI'M'Y*)0*U'T:
%K8U85




MK




N.SZ]*ES=H03NWZF3BG8GT:M

MQ-_.B\VLJQVSO
;
N_%86*&\%^]=RYN*6_[M
P_%9V%YKB4=R?$\I+ :-#'\
M9YI5]E3ZI--O-7LG7/SD+.^N/X.2BQY^Z/DK 
Y


O*V#)N2



M(K.PTD.IR$SKCIV@N2$3I;G^Z?*\V0B5&(SEI%U*&G$3J$&*/5(H2(_4AQ
M;A]

V!_-FR8;[7 9^
MAZ)P8K0[9:+$ ;G@=!%OM18.'


M;K$.':%?)]*+PK'=;0YKLEP%&EZU8[O:(73L?31HKBRC4+'5*J-10V=-!6%:

MPP!72HE07;GV!\E'

A'8Y'876P= CA'9T
..@5['*AOK)'QC[O7AN4
M2WS[NML;-'K#E2T%Z0(^(5Y:Q,]*M]U+OMG;EX/&Y;# ZQQ5YGF*N%5NFQL


O;7K:
M]6U(2FQJR!,B_9,;KT0P+4?'^O6'_536N80P\E#C84'EDLZ*GQ,JGAMM

3

[4;J;AE
M)8H;U7,=WD]X&LN PP@BV4#_:XBF#\C^YG845! $1_S94LO$JPEDA[*A_:
M-P4'#EL\-&&Y=F;I#U8P] C'1B=S:D2(5M0H('S6&+G'+!#9[A5YJ6B$?UQ+
M!=*

:?
JB
 JK


O'SE6%66;_[^]*_UM&\?BWP/L_Z U4.P
$#N2


Y(Y5045.54E%-13D66).7F!)MLN6%9V4NTER=BTRT
M\DN)*X]X4NW@-B.+\QMTREV.TKARXLF9!2D#DEWA9,.C#CG I)-X63#HPPH





MN


ZJ.+*#8?52 CR)TJS ?0

M*JC:R ATZP6G

M44XE/Y96(J@RVX)R*LJIY
?22@159ELH@E
Y* 0GE5?)
$N9\%+Y.4P&*SPK



M W3KZ6
99
@SF%F6V^\ 4D#-OIAY6] 'RU ?Y+._RXMT2Z3()8):')LM1/B:
M%X0ETN 2057&*J582Z3!)8):2F





MS
Y1/Y


MBY?LM
;([#(EY]3E$Y49\@EU[XGW BWP$^@9&_&L1:(%+@F;& 8
5S0;6P28
;GLSA*TBN+F



IT0JQ H=G/.N68@QWLW!\YV:V?RD$;Y:#?9\#49?^)#G
ML:P^;[J+/&QKP1!:^ &


P[-7JM793

M=H8UAO\.(-'[( OMP=XH9U.0QOPQW@.AU[-C
67F#[6LVQIAIW%2&_!^#)


/0_)EJO:[LL'WE 0@-\'Y6CJ



F8

K9IYH
#SV2=?!#WPM

ABOYT@]X7^6:VEYQ/@V_UQEQB8R_@6[N8 K-PA2-KUCMZJ[.E)]N*
MD5'G% W$SBAC=

M?A
Z8+1


M:.$%H^P1#X=;J=[Q3%RRCN2IA8$(^1!@8PXJ;20S$=8\C7

M


8[J6N11PB4EG_B6V








M?NQNA




M+'BW?8D8LLBV\^3X/

QSJM5T[7O6%0Q\?/]&V9#1*QH



$%     @


#J=J0GGR8RG
M1@%E\4[

MB$W59$W-KU\ABZW![O=WN)AJJ=U1]

M'L_T_S5&.6/9'%:4*!$94R

0I3<QR_(13$Z-O9H0HF1/O[X99W]-4

M67(G^80OB+#3 &X
CQSLE+==3EEV2



B8T$79L#+R:=

[35Y+)*J@O67W)-/;$YUCVU7&5'V+??!+(^:+)=H

M_2:_%HX*/'(4]);MFQD7YM3K@K/I+1'S3UP(?J^ERJV%OQ_F_&UK.V$TV%
Q
MHP

M

WU);O%#^?PK_X4I;:6 .0!I1&\I/


&63TFU5MJ0HZJWOKA*U$77
HK(FYF
M6&BB3_A\SID-L+D3.B5@#[020*T#&25(:T%6C3UDLHKR8-Y;!]QD8TG^RK15




MX#=+-2=UB\!.:270GG=06P^X^4*-=J =Y'J_E4/7

M23L/\[04

M7/G/


MN2-W5^



[L#/\
$\^WE[:0VY%N
MT\GBN2)SD_H

+LVRD9NX:MD'
MTGF_
M3C_%(V33!*=RA5%YWSBOF:





M+
GCA(6GE$U['\[.SGN;
M@IUUR<^/'.^47IUORO9[__QY,_9F,$==3+A Q'N64M7HY/J?/GWJQ7^513G^
MS&/Y&^HA$:M0BNNDL(3ZK;LIUE4?=?L?NN?]TT?N=U0?,!K/00G<?.?Q=

M+CH




MQY^[U/&W8@;
UB/KKM/@@YU0L7/I53T,A/RFYJC2R?G^F?E0X*'9D=IH;/6
MCLSR:?2-CLP;C8XQ *#Q2C0%6XJ!KE#3VHFMH\^L@*-CN'B;B\*/K+P'8T/


P@@=Z



KM





M0-*%&AO$![JZI@9ROH
+QV\:\W']27Y=K3[Y?DT$

*1HM;J+20*Y
MH8@
<
MBX\GI.-G@#@

M1[N$R8^.


MD730E WF:5669AB[N
MV=W# CTEII








M_?KW)#*
?F7F%X]% O6OV#(XML?#ZO%B_&V= 64KQ(S'.)5J:7C?PD14?A57

38P-C
P7V1E9BYX;6SM

E5U6:V&5[DOO&@DC(0H4B- #I)5]_

M%)W33'Z$ Y!D$+1V'4E+\&_=9;$N_ZGK];NGWO$K#5=VL3)ALGK


R,U/1G<'9&)(ZC=S26\7*3.&!.D8=E? :[13I+V*M3%.!K6Z3*XPLVEI
MD$YY_)1
F ;OX\G'TY-
RT





M(8N?;S!Y@.09!5#]LE- CW_6&OJ*PLJI/767VD6+K(%;B2+?.VDYNRI@.;\_




@_8#*
 SR#(TQ5?&V5
=^3\&[S\YZ$

M1H


I_3TKS199J
3L).SKYVL'



M-3)MGOZ0F6+=UOR#[Y(1FC
R2![K1*VDDH
I#-

MB6D3






M
0(*R]D]WJ$YPBR()

B



(/9-R$+%\BJ12SN5BC-&/&P)H\'HBU II&?%WS#13UGON%

MQ.$7$

M&


TN6OX%@]!93(^/T6







R2*RF .NER
M

- 
 %0   &YG=&8M
C Q-C V
M
S!?;&%B+GAM;-5][7/C-M+G]ZNZ_P&5YZG:F2IYWKPS.TGM[E
:OR3..F.?
M[4GN*G65@DC(YH4BM21ECY^__M  *5$B 0+@2V
^)-+Z9^8*.[ 32Z__Y?



MKMJ^??V_?[F\#1[8BAY%25[0)-A1 9LVNK???__]:_$K;YI'/^2_C(-:$@
M=/:+*%O 7T=5LR/XZNCMNZ/CMZ^^YN%W
 99&K
;MB3B\3\4SVOVC^_R:+6.





7O^S


M#?E_\*_^D


MR

Z_!WJI9]JG$%Y&239?D
M* ]H_'\8S?BZ92[H9J14V+H5DT2 XEIFQ*9%LC;E3%!)H[H6Z7HK2AVC
M)!Q7BBI'ZXZSM=$R^W282N8 @=)_AM^]4C%M0]^I8?:(IA&-[7:,J791$&*H
M%A4&I93(AG[I%.V+4J4=JII1$9J
H,2I6[D!P]=0D(J$2!JO5)?1

 4A'B[0DT

MB*/@/$YIV[EMQQ39(\971OM8%/(B&Q'1RD.MT_(^#%5-G7(2XY:N5FER6Z3!



B




F3Q\TN_'+4!AH&TCH/$+L?AS=A#L.9$O
?B



MRXAWJMRIO^A:?%]&+(XO)I?FRX@NHC@JN







K&#-PT<1


]VUEI?_ZNV]6I*-B O=QAG(II&QT_&9/KE-
MWW J'P.HK**)ZHW_0F _-8B*R0,UIL*!M]O9+_#)HUG6G8J5:Z$3CVR3^^#
M-3I U*:JTX3D









MQ0Z#H(5ZN3)BU
\3''NLY6D#7QK((P6OMH4&05:=GWCG+5G





 &?'OZ9//6D
4OLV22?/#::Q9SG_8\LX68WGB?A/%Q%

MM&:LIIZ5UUFZ9'DN]/8YL\_@T:3'-L0MB Y%L-Z$0!N/C*]M]T5V:G]S;P_Q

M:[ZFT%PN!(= HP2D5(Y)&EJ





[:6W'7

VN*O5E!HTJP GJRK9R&QXE7K%ZXD:]@QA%-L.]@:\34$SBD


MC9)P7K]8-TC


M





M/V@K;33:QHA[RM(!WGBK=BHO


MTGT1..W4=%]1NL[1:J


YO[SZ

M4MG_V^0%:*7\+KUA
)A1S/8RU]VE_36%XB[1&
_&N\(VRD@V[XAM'P-)-;/J
M0;NT9_Q;^ R.+-GDI5N[*W WO.IQB9'T=[2BI#98A&Z?@J*])IPW!A[

M/*5UN1PJ4\+
D_ WFF648ZI%4UUE)S&-6F\RZ;
5VS'']G=LQT*WM)0K:4BE


M..!SF#%=
0==#!*U,@*+PGI^EF42PW\3P(H'JDM=G7\\*V\AU(]:4A*@)2








?<PR'FQT*^T^#_K<]-Q1XAW

E@1$4! @\6@_PA49 
M*8&L!C(:/;7&4J.[.X.C(
O!R^J$F:<^?@<1*8MP]I5AQQF5F119IEZ9
H]_4BJ[B\/-K#[E6@


MR9/P;=;K6-P]IG&5D.TB6:;92EP =ST/
V:+;;3-\3?6U37*7=8^4B/6)/!#

-
V8F@XE

M_-6RW







?+BGB4LHW'\S)L]



1



R]Z/(T1AB






M4N

Q'B8JNV

M_6S!&%MCVXS!H6A^?$5.Z#J5'Z356(;\!J!T

M
=?I ]5VM1?N


[#M)N6&;'G]:EL(^I_8:%NAY
MPU/[:L$AC[:%H-W9)82T(


M;/-0XYN\/ZW*US+P01J=E7X'


;#/














MW2+DZXS0








2
ARX

=




4)M

'!ZH
MV=14K7C0]T[
1=HL*5LW.[Q




M2D:WH.B00-G.'QVK?A

M)7O50?=,AG,,;,#7 V?J?7&753(,GEA]!B%$)_1[DUJDL%
98%4F%IA
1!

M\6CUG


7)C2?0[


M$SBWZC!'YEA&Q74L&IF+2SX$)(WL.
&NTBX'G^ &B_7Z[!@CB;/+_?1QAB+8
M&PHJ\KK)7[)R#-;M8X!FA7M-#ZUI=N/L2:28B%T[21








M2YE$

T$IR3-5KQ9NA;7 R%]T7




MLR-!3ZEDB6?WH[AOVDMQBG$Y)!8R!:*].5%GHZVQ0W=$GMBY(UFE8UD):\


M6$T]



M[ZY&MFR0=

JW(1;ZUQ8LO1Q.I\\\#?(&YPR




BJ&CU40







/C

TB 9[:7HG)!I=L6&]$R
(
-B-]B&.








]'3QPWH67ACT@8S91Z;
%O3

$PB=NCWXZ9&L8\33Z3:@EK[#S$5DUCR@W+3!FC;:RX=X2^.8BC ?7&
M?MG)J-:.&;*:?F]A45PD_.$B.'K;

M]8*D
4FV;$B1$LF(
MU#G-B.#ET5IPF%$0H=ZT#CZ0X/
: ^\LK..


)G%:RP;86:GR=


M]# NJ^L5V6CK2X?H*T6JGD



@#]S(5OX'UQ7UHTR__) !9E2W/]+G

$%     @ RHL\20:BD:;_(   MS




NGCYSZ3Y

279 

$[QXRN9)$CTE


M7)AI

MF;+5@9[GE*\3USAXQ#'.[)B2]=1WICXEE+L
UPE9/Z/$LH35[8CUO-3GEG


%M='
0!V+LCX
HAJ*T(#WSY[+FJ

MTX

1JZ9LI\Q


8]7!=Q#T9

_

M6E&4

MQX]LK6-.U[JCF.



&[J-Q3'
M_R#)[E'09H0%%VE:8ZH1A*FMGG08JF$U
EH+_ .B?29RSL:1OESAFVW^E
M8!IM9Z./ Y:($PEBL] 6[K2P;M#JX3R




M8IR=!Y2^
1M99* H1*M%#Q7E[Q2A6.+:F+S0@/:ENAN456.EFM
*
JCC!$MY




T):XDGHV @U+VDN_&Y6R[#&B^


M\

M0TPQ.P5/J+(0JPJ


MS4



M8^O8&@P3UPGZ^J:%)(48?+C&N0%6^I'\=1(=46Y;0U_PM/=_=S$XNQ8/*4Q^
M4=QD4R-J#WVATUR@



M-%:1'CCE[T(
+B_AOI:+$#X%9(%23-):&G14W?J RPFVO#.H00^1N;!A[(&G

M4QND
A&+4

MF^6(;5_0%?NHY21M&D-G

)[(1


MP+


Q8/HPJZ(^%#OF
Q4/P 25#T7&%

MI$

G*DZK
VJ[?!F_4B5=&IZ!:XYH/& 34O:H-31GG&^?



XR;P#K+TD@5P_CN#G


56N@[S_BFAV0.B2P
EV*$!S]C=FP:T8?:.]Q^%^/4'S(D7 9X!
M[%1!#''[\
X[QSLF$?_#\VF?@YC/CS+7O;FI4VB
23?'DW!LY'$:0_3AK0HQ

MKU9Q




LB\)^X;9KA!1HC^7

MZ06M(4P\OW*7WB09



MFW ZY.#SJVO

M

J7D84

:3V20SZ 5ZFND(03SQ#$'Z
M

HHH?@R



MO9G'?








M 'M[E?A(LJJ UD2OTJK8_I3F*&HSI8X8B6F@5TCK]DE(B\62LG0FLK]
+7
M+T5.C


2BE6(9
MMDAK=[I^1\M'1!7B;+6%CGE*92(6H9#_88MOH\S
4T%7[*.6B=TTAJZK:VQ7

MW1^HK6B3JH6KH'@.BVK)-OTKX-Z)06
R(J[HNO[Z+J25U&#549UZ7T5=C\


M[#NIO#=/6L!6B50X4%3!UH

M:LMCIP$UXMEHJ*$]36R;X

M@2CC[NQMYW^ZDCYL^H/.#=$1C&0VVL(=]C&G'MB.#!/]3L#336RE+%8:
^#^
M:$IG?DJ[




MAIS7WD*+CTDM7%1ER2UZ@\V\\5$YF([8 _:QV:Y*@)KKM4GYP(-F6FOS9T


9@7:2K*L_5L39K
M4

MZ](#FM';X(V[ ^EE0NN'3
6!TAT*$7[NR'+7ZV!V.NP0F0'*M5H 74AWY8RO
M*L3






M

$[2.F]W& 4EK/.K7=-;H



ME&I)&G:F7J\#LK5C@R^ 4H?M@+\!O@V0+]!K/0 A11@]:@M!=S]^3 /##U
MF_



[_0UQ8XJB\3.BP0+=Y#Q*R$OKL$&;
MYEF:!82;V +SF$03'.?9UC0+%

VAW2O5


M            0    !N9W1F+3(P,38P-C,P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ,J+
M/$F_(N&UB H  %!I   1                9IY  !N9W1F+3(P
38P-C
P
M+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
J+/$D&?D@0?0D  !V+   5              
M 5&$  !N9W1F+3(P,38P-C,P7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #*BSQ)-+)T
M'D4+   %K0  %0              @ $!C@  ;F=T9BTR
#$V
#8S
%]D968N


C Q-C V
S!?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
J+/$D&HI&F

end



