

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001469709-14-000412
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140929
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140929
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-193347
		FILM NUMBER:		141127631
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 PARKVIEW ROAD
		CITY:			ELMSFORD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888)888-6444
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 PARKVIEW ROAD
		CITY:			ELMSFORD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10523













Washington
 D.C. 20549








        
        
June 30
 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        





NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS
 INC.










        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        
Tarrytown
 New York

        

        


        

        

        




 including area code)

85 Parkview Road
 Elmsford
 NY 10523

 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)


 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ &nbsp;] &nbsp;&nbsp;No [X]




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. &nbsp;Yes [X] &nbsp;No [ &nbsp;&nbsp;]


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). &nbsp;Yes [X] &nbsp;No [ &nbsp;&nbsp;]


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &nbsp;[X]



 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.









        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        





 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of June 30
 2014: &nbsp;NA. 


 2014
 the issuer had 25
130
560 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 par value $0.001 per share.











        


        

        

        


        
        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        


        

        

        


        


 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        


        

        

        


        


 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        


 and Director Independence

        


        

        

        


        

        

        


        
        


        


 Financial Statement Schedules

        









Certain statements made in this Annual Report involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions
 technological developments related to business support services and outsourced business processes
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control.

Although we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this prospectus will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings &#147;Business
&#148; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and &#147;Plan of Operations.&#148;




 Inc. (&#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148; &#147;the Company&#148; or &#147;NightFood&#148;) is a Nevada corporation organized on October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation (the &#147;Subsidiary&#148;) from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson. &nbsp;All of our operations are conducted by the subsidiary. &nbsp;We are in the business of manufacturing
 marketing and distributing a functional food line of snacks that are suitable for evening consumption and which may provide the nutritional foundation for better sleep. A large number of Americans consume nighttime snacks that are high in sugar
 fat
 and calories; such snacks can impair sleep and also impair health in general. &nbsp;Management believes that our products are unique in the functional food industry and that there is a substantial market for our products. &nbsp;We are in the process of establishing distribution channels for these products. &nbsp;Our offices are located at 520 White Plains Road &#150; Suite 500
 Tarrytown
 New York &nbsp;10591 and our telephone number is (212) 828-8275. We maintain a web site at www.nightfood.com. &nbsp;Any information that may appear on our web site should not be deemed to be a part of this report. &nbsp;




 American consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. &nbsp;A majority of adults are trying to eat foods and snacks that they understand will prevent or manage health problems and 37% of consumers are willing to pay more for foods with perceived health benefits. &nbsp;Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime snack choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &#147;unhealthy&#148; options
 such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips &amp; popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.

Our Products
 Present and Proposed


 they will typically be merchandised open
 so the consumer can purchase an individual bar
 or an entire box of 6. &nbsp;The SRP on an individual bar is $2.49. NightFood&#174; is the first product positioned as a healthier &amp; better alternative to other convenient nighttime snack options. &nbsp;Compared to the existing popular options
 each 140 calorie NightFood&#174; bar is specially formulated to satisfy late-night cravings
 tackle nighttime hunger
 and support better quality sleep on fewer calories
 and with a healthier
 more sleep-friendly nutritional profile. &nbsp;We believe that NightFood&#174; bars are an optimal after-dinner snack in terms of composition and calories. In addition 
 the bars contain a clinically proven bioactive ingredient called Chocamine&#174; (a patented natural cocoa extract that promotes satiety and craving 




 while also providing the health and relaxation benefits of chocolate without the caffeine
 fat
 calories
 and sugars). &nbsp;


 we intend to expand our product line to include formulations with and without sleep aiding bioactive ingredients
 and a healthy nighttime snack product specifically for children
 and perhaps into different food formats.




 Empress Label and Stuart Packaging for our packaging
 and ShipRight Solutions for our warehousing and fulfillment. &nbsp;We consider our relations with each of these suppliers to be good. &nbsp;We also believe that the nature of the market for these services ensures that if we were required to find an alternate supplier for any of these services
 we could do so on similar terms.




 2014
 The Company secured an initial purchase order from a major national specialty retail chain
 focusing on nutritional products and supplements. &nbsp;&nbsp;Under this agreement
 this major retail chain will launch NightFood bars into approximately 900 of their US locations during the month of September
 2014. &nbsp;The Company is also involved in discussions for product distribution with other major retail chains in the specialty nutrition space
 as well as mass drug.




 Keebler
 Kellogg&#146;s and Quaker Oats and more specialized companies such as Cliff Bar and many smaller companies. &nbsp;Many of these competitors have well established names and products. &nbsp;While there are companies currently marketing traditional-type snacks laced with sleep aids such as melatonin
 management is not aware of any competitor offering snacks optimized for healthier or better nighttime nutrition and sleep support. &nbsp;We will initially compete based upon the unique nature of our product. &nbsp;However
 other companies
 including those with greater name recognition than us and greater resources may seek to introduce products that directly compete with our products. &nbsp;Management believes that if a competitor sought to develop a competing product
 it could do so and begin to establish retail distribution in 12-24 months.




000 to begin the inventory cycle. As cash became available for inventory procurement
 we were able to do a full production run of our Cookies n&#146; Dreams flavor bars. &nbsp;The finished bars became available for distribution during the first week of June
 2014. &nbsp;This initial production run provided product in hand to enhance our sales efforts with our targeted retailers to secure purchase orders. &nbsp;As we began consummating these purchase orders
 we proceeded to initiate a full production run of our second flavor (Midnight Chocolate Crunch). &nbsp;This was obligatory as the retailer wanted a minimum of two flavors to place on their shelves
 as is common in the industry. &nbsp;Our balance sheet as of June 30th shows approximately $73
000 of inventory assets. &nbsp;$50
000 of this was finished product in inventory
 and another $23
 balance sheet
 production run has been completed and is now in our warehouse
 and the $23
000 &nbsp;of inventory deposits have been converted to finished inventory. &nbsp;Future production runs of product will require no deposit with the bar manufacturer as we&#146;ve secured preferred terms starting with our next production run
 allowing us to pay for product 30 days after it lands at our warehouse. &nbsp;The previous arrangement had us depositing 50% approximately 6-8 weeks prior to production
 and paying the balance prior to receipt of product in our warehouse. &nbsp;These terms make it easier for us to scale in a less cash-intensive fashion as we land new accounts and broaden distribution.











 our President and CEO. &nbsp;Should we be successful in executing our business plan
 we anticipate hiring additional employees in the future to assist with marketing
 sales and clerical positions.




 AND should the company be unable to secure distribution relationships with other major retailers
 it is likely that more than 10% of our revenues would eventually be coming through our relationship with said retail chain.




 operations and financial condition. &nbsp;The occurrence of any the following risks could have a material adverse affect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.



. &nbsp;We have had limited operations and the bulk of our sales have resulted from our website. &nbsp;We generated revenue of $2
575 in the year ended June 30
 2014 and $5
817 in the year ended June 30
 2013. &nbsp;Because our capital resources had been extremely limited we were unable to fund continual production of our product through contract manufacturers which resulted in limited revenues. &nbsp;Unless we are able to leverage our status as a public company into effective fundraising to fund our capital requirements
 we will not be able to execute on our business plan and purchasers of our stock will be likely to lose their investment.

 &nbsp;We received a report on our financial statements for the years ended June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013 from our independent registered public accounting firm that includes an explanatory paragraph and a footnote stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to its losses and negative net worth. &nbsp;Inclusion of a &#147;going concern qualification&#148; in the report of our independent accountants may have a negative impact on our ability to obtain financing and may adversely impact our stock price in any market that may develop.

 &nbsp;Although management firmly believes that snacks designed for evening consumption is a viable niche market with a potential for attractive returns for investors
 this belief is largely based on informal observations and we have not conducted any formal marketing studies. &nbsp;Our limited resources preclude us from doing so. &nbsp;If management is wrong in its belief and there is an insufficient market for our products
 it is likely we will fail and investors will lose their investment.

 &nbsp;We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are required to file current reports
 periodic reports
 annual reports
 and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission through December 14
 2014 . &nbsp;We have not yet determined if we will file a 1934 Act registration statement to continue to be subject to such reporting requirements. &nbsp;If we do
 we will become subject to proxy rules and Section 16 or 14 of the 1934 Act. &nbsp;However
 until such time
 if ever
 as we do file a 34 Act registration statement information regarding securities holdings of our officers
 directors and 10% stockholders will not be made available on a current basis and we will be able to take shareholder actions without complying with the SEC's proxy rules. &nbsp;In addition
 Section 15(d) of the 34 Act provides an automatic suspension of the periodic reporting obligation as to any fiscal year (except the fiscal year in which the registration statement became effective) if an issuer has fewer than 300 security holders of record at the beginning of such fiscal year. &nbsp;Although we intend to file periodic reports
 we could cease to do so at any time.






 &nbsp;Competition in all aspects of the functional food industry is intense. &nbsp;We will compete against both large conglomerates with substantial resources and smaller companies
 including new companies that might be formed with resources similar to our own. &nbsp;Competitors may seek to duplicate the perceived benefits of our products in ways that do not infringe on any proprietary rights that we can protect. &nbsp;As a result we could find that our entire marketing plan and business model is undercut or made irrelevant by actions of other companies under which we have no control. &nbsp;We cannot promise that we can accomplish our marketing goals and as a result may experience negative impact upon our operating results.

 &nbsp;Specifically
 we are highly dependent on the ability and experience of our key employees
 Sean Folkson
 our president and CEO and to a lesser extent on Peter Leighton
 our Vice President. &nbsp;We do not have an employment agreement with either of Mr. Folkson or Mr. Leighton. &nbsp;The loss of either Mr. Folkson or Mr. Leighton would present a significant setback for us and could impede the implementation of our business plan. &nbsp;There is no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring and retaining qualified personnel to execute our current plan of operations.

. &nbsp;Our president
 Sean Folkson
 owns 15
895
500 shares and our Vice President Peter Leighton owns 4
000
000 shares or an aggregate of approximately 79.2 % of our 25
130
issued and outstanding shares. &nbsp;Because of their stock ownership
 our officers will be in a position to continue to elect our board of directors
 decide all matters requiring stockholder approval and determine our policies. &nbsp;The interests of our president may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares
 business transactions with or sales to other companies
 selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. &nbsp;The minority shareholders would have no way of overriding decisions made by our president. &nbsp;This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because he may institute or undertake transactions
 policies or programs that result in losses
 may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/ or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share.

 &nbsp;We require between $400
000 and $1
000
000 in debt or equity financing to affect a planned expansion of our operations and roll out of our existing and any future products. &nbsp;Management believes that it will be able to raise funds &nbsp;after we commence trading on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board (&#147;OTCBB&#148;) as investors would see that there would be an &#147;exit strategy&#148; for their investment. &nbsp;However
 this may not prove to be the case and we cannot be certain that we will become OTCBB listed or that
 even if we do
 that additional funds will be raised. &nbsp;No one has committed to invest the money we need to complete our planned operations. &nbsp;If we cannot raise additional funds
 it is unlikely that we will be able to support a stock price close to the amount paid by our investors and our investors may lose all or most of their investment. &nbsp;Recent economic developments and the current economic climate may make it especially difficult to raise additional funds. &nbsp;If we do not raise additional funds
 we may be required to abandon our current business plan and either operate our plan on a much smaller scaled basis or seek a different line of business. &nbsp;However
 we will use our concerted best efforts to seek additional funds and affect our planned business and we have no other present plans. &nbsp;We note that from January 1
 2014 to September 23
 2014
 we have raised approximately $221
000 in private placement transactions.

 &nbsp;Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 we will be required to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year
 at such time as we are required to file an annual report pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. &nbsp;Furthermore
 our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to whether our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is fairly stated in all material respects and separately report on whether it believes we have maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. &nbsp;We have not yet completed our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. &nbsp;We expect to incur additional expenses and diversion of management's time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation
 testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification and auditor attestation requirements. &nbsp;

We do not have a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities and are presently unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees
 and this may impair our ability to effectively comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.




 Sean Folkson and our Vice President/CMO Peter Leighton to perform all executive functions. &nbsp;Peter Leighton will be working for us on a part time basis. &nbsp;Accordingly
 we cannot segregate duties to provide sufficient review of our financial activity. &nbsp;During the course of our testing our financial procedures
 we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. &nbsp;In addition
 if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls
 as such standards are modified
 supplemented or amended from time to time
 we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. &nbsp;Moreover
 effective internal controls
 particularly those related to revenue recognition
 are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. &nbsp;If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our business and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and the trading price of our common stock
 if a market ever develops
 could drop significantly. &nbsp;Our officers&#146; lack of experience in accounting and financial matters may make our efforts to comply more difficult and cause us to hire consultants to assist him cutting into our resources.

 &nbsp;As a company with less than $1.0 billion in revenue during its last fiscal year
 we qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as a company is deemed to be an emerging growth company
 it may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other regulatory requirements that are generally unavailable to other public companies. &nbsp;These provisions include:















 in the same report
 attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. Similarly
 as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until such time as we cease being a Smaller Reporting Company.


 we are exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes.


 an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. &nbsp;We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. &nbsp;Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.





 


 


 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities
 or 








 these reporting obligations may (in our discretion) be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we have less than 300 shareholders and do not file a registration statement on Form 8A (which we have not determined whether to file. &nbsp;After December 14
 2014 we will no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the SEC and your access to our business information would then be even more restricted. &nbsp;We are currently &nbsp;required to deliver periodic reports to security holders. &nbsp;However
 we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors
 officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. &nbsp;Previously
 a company with more than 500 shareholders of record and $10 million in assets had to register under the Exchange Act. &nbsp;However
 the JOBS Act raises the minimum shareholder threshold from 500 to either 2
000 persons or 500 persons who are not accredited investors (or 2
000 persons in the case of banks and bank holding companies). &nbsp;The JOBS Act excludes securities received by employees pursuant to employee stock incentive plans for purposes of calculating the shareholder threshold. &nbsp;This means that access to information regarding our business and operations will be limited.



Currently
 there is no active public market for our securities
 and there can be no assurances that any public market will ever develop or that our common stock will be quoted for trading and
 even if quoted
 it is likely to be subject to significant price fluctuations.
 there has not been any established trading market for our common stock
 and there is currently no public market whatsoever for our securities. &nbsp;We have engaged a broker dealer who has applied to have our common stock &nbsp;listed on the OTC Bulletin Board (OTCBB) maintained by the FINRA
 but we can give no assurance that our application for a symbol will be granted. &nbsp;Even if we obtain a trading symbol
 there can be no assurances as to whether any market for our shares will ever develop or the prices at which our common stock will trade. &nbsp;If the application is accepted
 we cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active
 liquid trading market. &nbsp;Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders for investors.


 our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts
 and there may be few institutions acting as market makers for the common stock. &nbsp;Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock. Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock
 if ever
 the price at which it trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. &nbsp;Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
 including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors
 investor perception
 and general economic and market conditions. &nbsp;No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock. &nbsp;Because of the anticipated low price of the securities
 many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in these securities. &nbsp;See Plan of Distribution subsection entitled Selling Shareholders and any purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions.

Our board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock
 which may have rights and preferences detrimental to the rights of the holders of our common shares.
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par value. &nbsp;As of the date of this prospectus
 we have not issued any shares of preferred stock and have no plans to do so. &nbsp;Our preferred stock may bear such rights and preferences
 including dividend and liquidation preferences
 as the Board of Directors may fix and determine from time to time. &nbsp;Any such preferences may operate to the detriment of the rights of the holders of the common stock being offered hereby.






 officers
 employees
 and agents
 under certain circumstances
 against attorney's fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf. &nbsp;This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us
 which we will be unable to recoup.


 in the opinion of the SEC
 indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is
 therefore
 unenforceable. &nbsp;In the event that a claim for indemnification against these types of liabilities
 other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director
 officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action
 suit or proceeding
 is asserted by a director
 officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered
 we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel
 the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
 the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. &nbsp;The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity
 either of which factors is are likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares
 if such a market ever develops.

 &nbsp;Until our shares of common stock qualify for inclusion in the NASDAQ system
 if ever
 the trading of our securities
 if any
 will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred to as the OTCBB as maintained by the FINRA. &nbsp;As a result
 an investor may find it difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of our securities.


 2005) establishes the definition of a penny stock, for purposes relevant to us
 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to a limited number of exceptions. &nbsp;It is likely that our shares will be considered to be penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. &nbsp;This classification severely and adversely affects the market liquidity for our common stock. &nbsp;For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.


 the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.


 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 sets forth:



 and


 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 


 current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. &nbsp;Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.


 broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. &nbsp;These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if and when our securities become publicly traded. &nbsp;In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may decrease
 with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. &nbsp;Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable future and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
 find it difficult to sell their securities. &nbsp;Recently
 several brokerage firms and clearing firms have adopted special &#147;house rules&#148; which make it more difficult for their customers to hold or trade low priced stock and these rules may make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their stock. 




 &nbsp;We have not paid any dividends on our common stock to date and there are no plans for paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. &nbsp;We intend to retain earnings
 if any
 to provide funds for the implementation of our business plan. &nbsp;We do not intend to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. &nbsp;Therefore
 there can be no assurance that holders of our common stock will receive any additional cash
 stock or other dividends on their shares of our common stock until we have funds which the Board of Directors determines can be allocated to dividends.

If a market develops for our shares
 sales of our shares relying upon rule 144 may depress prices in that market by a material amount. &nbsp;All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. &nbsp;Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for a prescribed period may
 under certain conditions
 sell their shares as a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on or about February 15
 2008
 there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e.
 a stockholder who has not been an officer
 director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for a period of six months. &nbsp;A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act
 if available
 or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders
 may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. 

 &nbsp;These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states. &nbsp;There is no public market for our common stock
 and there can be no assurance that any public market will develop in the foreseeable future. &nbsp;Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions
 commonly referred to as Blue Sky laws. &nbsp;Absent compliance with such individual state laws
 our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. &nbsp;Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the &#147;Blue Sky&#148; laws of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future
 should be aware that there may be significant state &#147;Blue Sky&#148; law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. &nbsp;These restrictions prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. &nbsp;We currently do not intend and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in approximately 17 states that do not offer manual exemptions and require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders. &nbsp;Accordingly
 investors should consider the secondary market for our securities to be a limited one. 










 at a total expense of approximately $450 per month. &nbsp;This space currently provides a professional working environment for our sole employee (Sean Folkson
 CEO)
 and is easily expandable as additional employees are added. We currently store our inventory in a fulfillment center at a cost of approximately $200 per month which is part of our shipping and packing relationship. &nbsp;We believe that our properties are adequate for our current needs and that alternative similar or additional space could be found in the vicinity of our present property at similar cost should the need arise.




 past
 pending or threatened legal proceedings or administrative actions either by or against the issuer that could have a material effect on the issuer&#146;s business
 financial condition
 or operations.










ITEM 5. &nbsp;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
 



As of the filing date
 there is no market for the Company's stock. &nbsp;The Company plans on listing the stock for quotation on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board and has engaged a broker dealer who has submitted an application with FINRA for a trading&nbsp;symbol.




 2014 is 62. &nbsp;The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial owners of our common stock
 whose shares are held in the names of various dealers
 clearing agencies
 banks
 brokers and other fiduciaries.




 and we do not have the intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.






 we issued 20
000
000 shares to Sean Folkson in exchange for all of the shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation. Such transactions with the Company&#146;s founder was exempt from registration by reason of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Act&#148;). &nbsp;All of the shares issued in such transactions bear an appropriate restrictive legend.


 an additional 200
000 shares were issued to 2 investors for $10
000 in cash ($0.05 per share). &nbsp;In January 2014
 an additional 90
000 shares were issued to 2 investors for $22
500 in cash ($0.25 per share). &nbsp;No underwriter participated in the foregoing transactions
 and no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
 nor was any general solicitation or general advertising conducted. &nbsp;The securities bear a restrictive legend and stop transfer instructions are noted on our stock transfer records.


 and each of the investors therein represented in writing that such investor was an accredited investor as that term is defined in Regulation D and that he was acquiring the shares for his own account and for investment. A copy of the form of such subscription agreements is filed as Exhibit 4.1 and 4.2 to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. The offerings were
 accordingly
 exempt by reason of Section 4(6) of the Act.


118
560 shares to five consultants. &nbsp;These consultants acquired their shares for investment and for their own account. &nbsp;These privately negotiated transactions were exempt from registration by reason of Section 4(2) of the Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering.


 2014 fiscal year
 an additional 762
000 shares were issued to 14 investors for $190
500 in cash ($0.25 per share). &nbsp;No underwriter participated in the foregoing transactions
 and no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
 nor was any general solicitation or general advertising conducted. &nbsp;The securities bear a restrictive legend and stop transfer instructions are noted on our stock transfer records.




 2014
 we had no compensation plans under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance.







 provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is provided by the exchange or system). &nbsp;The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
 deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC
 which contains the following:








        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        


 clear
 narrative description of a dealer market
 including 


        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        


 type
 size and format)
 as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.



 the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following:








        

        

        


        

        

        


        

        


 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and


        

        

        



 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
 the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&#146;s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. &nbsp;These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. &nbsp;Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common stock will probably be subject to the penny stock rules.








 and should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 






 marketing and distribution company relying on our unique product
 unique product positioning
 and our marketing expertise to develop and market nutritional/snack foods that are appropriate for evening snacks. &nbsp;Over the past six months
 we have raised approximately $200
000 through sales of the Company&#146;s $0.001 common stock. &nbsp;Approximately$100
000 has been invested in inventory
 as we developed and manufactured a complete run of NightFood Cookies n&#146; Dreams bars in June 2014
 and a complete run of NightFood Midnight Chocolate Crunch bars in August
 2014.


 2014
 The Company secured a purchase order from a major national retail chain in the specialty nutrition space for approximately $26
000. &nbsp;This is our first purchase order from a national retail chain







 mass drug
 and supermarkets. &nbsp;Continued implementation of our business plan is dependent on our ability to raise additional capital to invest in marketing and inventory to support the expanded distribution and new sales outlets.




 the effect of inflation has been minimal over the past three years.



Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2012 v Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2013


 2013 were constrained by our limited capital. &nbsp;Throughout the FY ended June 30
 2013 (&#147;FY 2013&#148;) we had a limited inventory of product remaining from our 2010 test production run. &nbsp;All of said 2010 inventory had&nbsp;passed its &#147;best used by&#148; date during FY 2012
 and was written off during FY 2013. &nbsp;During a portion of FY 2013 we made sales from our website
 however
 by the end of the year all sales were to a limited number of persons who had placed recurring orders and had not cancelled them. &nbsp;Accordingly
 our revenues declined from $22
344 in FY 2012 to $5
817 in FY 2013 as inventories were depleted and we did not make an active marketing effort during FY 2013. &nbsp;Our operating expenses in FY 2013 were also reduced to $16
557 as compared to FY 2012 when they were $100
514. This reflects our greater activity level during FY 2012. &nbsp;Due to our lower levels of activity
 our loss was reduced from $(89
803) in FY 2012 to $(22
713) in FY 2013. &nbsp;We do not believe that these results provide a meaningful indication of our expected results now that we are able to produce additional product and actively market the same.

Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2013 v Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2014

 2014
 a major part of our efforts were dedicated to the filing of our S-1 registration statement and securing FINRA approval
 while raising funds necessary for operations.


 2014 (&#147;FY 2014&#148;)
 Company successfully raised $223
000 through the sale of the Company&#146;s $0.001 common stock. &nbsp;These proceeds were used to increase both cash and inventory on our balance sheet. &nbsp;Much of the funds went towards manufacturing inventory required to initiate retail roll-out
 and towards other expenses related to retail rollout
 such as broker fees
 consulting fees
 advertising
 and website development
 as well as graphic design and other one-time expenses related to the development of updated product and packaging.


 Company received a purchase order from a major national specialty retailer of nutrition products. &nbsp;In addition
 Company has been in discussions with other national chains regarding distribution opportunities.




 2014
 we had cash on hand of $49
028
 and inventory value of $72
415. &nbsp;In the second quarter ended December 31
 2013
 the Company had received proceeds of $32
500 through sales of our common stock under Regulation D. &nbsp;During the next two quarters ended June 30
 2014
 the Company procured proceeds of $190
500 through sales of our common stock under Regulation D. &nbsp;We do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing working capital needs. &nbsp;We believe that current capitalization structure
 combined with achievement of milestones such as purchase orders from national retailers
 will enable us to continue achieve successful financings to continue our growth.







 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources.




 2014 with respect to Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.


















        

        


        

        



 2013 and June 30
 2014

        


        

        



 2014 and June 30
 2013

        


        

        



 2014

        


        

        



 2014 and June 30
 2013

        


        

        


        

        











NightFood Holdings
 Inc.




For the years ended June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013























 Inc. 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of June 30
 2014 and 2013 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; deficit
 and cash flows for each of the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of NightFood
 Inc. as of June 30
 2014 and 2013 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company has negative operating cash flow through June 30
 2014 and has a working capital deficit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


 CPAs

 NV

 2014


















NightFood
 Inc.
        


        

        

        

        


        

June 30


        

June 30



        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        


        

        


028&nbsp;

        

        

        



 respectively)

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


415&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        


500&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        


973&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


973&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


555&nbsp;

        

        


907&nbsp;


        

        


072&nbsp;

        

        


162&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


649&nbsp;

        

        


374&nbsp;


        

        


517&nbsp;

        

        


517&nbsp;


        

        


250&nbsp;

        

        


960&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


850&nbsp;

        

        


433&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        



 without par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 25
130
560 &nbsp;issued and outstanding as of June 30
2014 and &nbsp;20
000
000 outstanding as of June 30
 2013
 respectively

        


131&nbsp;

        

        


000&nbsp;


        

        


256
816&nbsp;

        

        


307&nbsp;


        

        


372
074)

        

        


750)


        

        


127)

        

        


443)


        

        


973&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        





















NightFood
 Inc.
        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        
        


        

        

        

        

June 30
 2014

        

        

June 30
 2013


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


575&nbsp;

        

        

        


817&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


734&nbsp;

        

        

        


665&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        


891&nbsp;

        

        

        

        



 general and administrative

        

        

        

        


274&nbsp;

        

        

        


296&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        


076
721&nbsp;

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


134
620&nbsp;

        

        

        


557&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


132
045)

        

        

        


740)


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


369&nbsp;

        

        

        


457&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        


911&nbsp;

        

        

        


516&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        


279&nbsp;

        

        

        


973&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


144
325)

        

        

        


713)


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


172
482&nbsp;

        

        

        


000
000&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        


















NightFood
 Inc.


        


For the years ended December &nbsp;31
 2013 and June 30
 2012


        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        


Balance
 July 1
 2011

        

        
        

        
39
107&nbsp;

        
(115
234)

        
(75
927)


        

        


000
000&nbsp;

        

000&nbsp;


000)

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        


803)


803)


Balance
 June 30
 2012

20
000
000&nbsp;

20
000&nbsp;

19
307&nbsp;

(205
037)

(165
730)


        

        

        

        


713)


713)


Balance
 June 30
 2013

20
000
000&nbsp;

        
20
000&nbsp;

        
19
307&nbsp;

        
(227
749)

        
(188
442)


        


078
560&nbsp;

        

079&nbsp;

        

015
561&nbsp;

        


019
640&nbsp;


        


052
000&nbsp;

        

052&nbsp;

        

948&nbsp;

        


000&nbsp;


        

        

        

        


144
325)


144
325)


Balance
 June &nbsp;30
 2014

25
130
560&nbsp;

        
25
131&nbsp;

        
1
256
816&nbsp;

        
(1
372
074)

        
(90
127)


        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


















NightFood
 Inc.
        


        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        


        

        

June 30
 2014

June 30
 2013


        

        


144
325)

        

        


713)


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


019
640&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


415)

        

        


665&nbsp;


        

        


500)

        

        

        


        

        


648&nbsp;

        

        


027&nbsp;


        

        


910&nbsp;

        

        


517&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


577)

        

        


515)


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


000&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


750&nbsp;


        

        


308)

        

        


220)


        

        


692&nbsp;

        

        


530&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


115&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        



 beginning of period

        

        

        

        

        



 end of period

        


028&nbsp;

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


369&nbsp;

        

        


457&nbsp;


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        






NightFood Holdings
 Inc. 






 Inc. &nbsp;(the &#147;Company&#148;) is a New York Corporation organized January 14
 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter 2010. The Company has acquired the web site nightfood.com. The Company&#146;s business model is to manufacture and distribute nutritional products to provide consumers better &amp; healthier nighttime snack options to support better health and better sleep. 






 New York.





 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).





 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.










 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.




Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred. &nbsp;The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors. &nbsp;





891 and $596 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.





 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.








 Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not. 














 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.





 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits. &nbsp;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions. &nbsp;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal. &nbsp;At June 30
 2014 and 2013 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.





 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
 as applicable.





 2014 and 2013
 and have found none of them to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements.





 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. &nbsp;Because the 






 no certainty of continuation can be stated. 



 the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.





 the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
 collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. Invoices are typically due in 60 - 90days. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted.
















        

        

        

        


        

        


424

        

        


        

        


000

        

        


        

        


991

        

        


        

        


415

        

        





















        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        


        

        


072

        


161


        

        


072

        


161







 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA). 



 which is based upon Wall Street Journal (&#147;WSJ&#148;) Prime 3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.








 2014 and 2013
 totaled $1
369 and $1
457
 respectively.





 2013
 the NightFood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&#146; equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.



000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company's assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.



130
560 and 20
000
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2014 and 2013 respectively.



 2014:



052
000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $223
000



078
560 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $1
019
640.




















 the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $26
350 and $7
750 in 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 to supplement the Company&#146;s working capital these short term advances have all been repaid. The amounts included in short term borrowings &#150; related party of $134
517 and 134
517 in 2014 and 2013
 respectively represent a Note Payable which is repayable upon Mr. &nbsp;






 according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson may not demand repayment of the Note until the Company is profitable
 and in a positive cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson may demand repayment. Company agrees to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance is paid in full.



911 and $10
516 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


















        

June 30


        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        




















        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


423

        

        

        


030

        


        

        


678

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


101

        

        

        


030

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        


101

        

        

        


030

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        





 2014 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $278
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2022 and 2023. &nbsp;For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. &nbsp;The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2014 was an increase of $389
070. &nbsp;The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &#147;more likely than not&#148; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. &nbsp;The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. &nbsp;Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.



 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.



 2014 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.











Cash and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities



 Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).



 - Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

 - Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant judgment. 

























        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        


016

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


016


        

        

        

        

        


016

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


016


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        


324

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


324


        

        

        

        

        


324

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


324







 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock 






 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&nbsp;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). &nbsp;There were no anti-dilutive instruments.








        

        

        


        

        

144
325)

        

713)


        

        

        


        

        

144
325)

        

713)


        

        

        


        


172
482&nbsp;


000
000&nbsp;


        

        

        










 beginning July 1
 2014 whereas the Company is required to issue 50
000 shares of it $0.001 common stock in return for the sundry services which will be provided.















) is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&#146;s rules and forms. &nbsp;Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer&#146;s management
 including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

 or under the supervision of
 the issuer&#146;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&#146;s board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:




 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and


 use or disposition of the issuer&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

 including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. &nbsp;A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. &nbsp;Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. &nbsp;Because of inherent limitations in all control systems
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
 and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the registrant have been detected. &nbsp;Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
. &nbsp;Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. &nbsp;Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. &nbsp;We carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. &nbsp;The evaluation was undertaken in consultation with our accounting personnel. &nbsp;Based on that 






 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at June 30
 2014 due to the lack of accounting personnel. &nbsp;We intend to hire additional employees when we obtain sufficient capital.
. &nbsp;There were no changes in the internal controls over our financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.





ITEM 10. &nbsp;DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE 












        
        

        

        

        

        
        


        
        
        

        

        
        
        

        


 Chief Executive Officer and Director
        
        






 subject to their prior death
 resignation or removal. &nbsp;Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. &nbsp;


 directors and consultants.



 was elected president
Sean Folkson has CEO and President of our subsidiary NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation
 since its formation in January 2010. From 2004 to 2009 he served as president of Specialty Equipment Direct
 Inc. which is an online marketer of flooring maintenance equipment which he founded. &nbsp;In 1998 he founded AffiliatePros.com
 Inc. a company engaged in assisting its clients with internet marketing which operated through 2008. &nbsp;Mr. Folkson received a B.A. in Business Administration with a concentration in marketing from S.U.N.Y Albany in 1991.

was appointed Vice President Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer upon the formation of the Company. &nbsp;Peter Leighton holds a BA in marketing from the University of Florida. &nbsp;For over 25 years he has been engaged in marketing and management for functional foods
 biotech and turnaround companies. &nbsp;Since 2001 Mr. Leighton has been the founding partner of Copernican Associates
 LLOC a consulting firm offering B to B and B to C services in various segments. &nbsp;From 2007 to 2010 he was CEO of Advana Science
 Inc.
 a developer of OTC consumer products and was VP Marketing of Natrol
 Inc.
 an OTC supplement manufacturer from 2002 to 2004. &nbsp;In February 2014
 Mr. Leighton was appointed Vice President &#150; Product Strategy for Complete Nutrition Holdings
 Inc.
 a company involved in operating and franchising high end nutritional product stores. &nbsp;Accordingly
 he will only be able to serve us on a part time basis.




 director
 or persons nominated for these positions
 and no promoter or significant employee of our corporation has been involved in legal proceedings that would be material to an evaluation of our management.









 the present adoption of a code of ethics is not appropriate. &nbsp;If we grow we will adopt a suitable code of ethics.






 we will consider the appropriateness of committees. &nbsp;




 the board of directors acts as the audit committee. The board of directors does not have an audit committee financial expert. The board of directors has not yet recruited an audit committee financial expert to join the board of directors because we have only recently commenced a significant level of financial operations.




 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or controller
 or persons performing similar functions. We plan to adopt a Code of Ethics.




 CEO and sole employee.





















        
        
        

        

        

        

        
        

        
        

        
        
        

        
        
        
        

        
        
        

        



 CEO

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        

        



000 per month in calendar 2014.








 including payments to be received from the Company
 with respect to any person named in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above that would in any way result in 






 retirement or other termination of such person&#146;s employment with us.






 2014. &nbsp;We have no stock options outstanding.




 retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers.




 2014
 by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and directors as a group; (iii) each shareholder who beneficially owns more than 5% of any class of our voting securities
 including those shares subject to outstanding options.









        
        

        

        
        

        
        


        

        

        

        


        

 Inc.
        

 NY 10691

        


894
500

        


        

        

        

        


        

 Inc.
        

 NY 10691

        


000
000

        


        

        

        

        


        

        

        

        


        

        


894
500

        










 2013 and in upon our organization we issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock to the Company&#146;s founder
 President and CEO in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Night Food
 Inc.
 a New York corporation. &nbsp;During October and December 2013
 Mr. Folkson assigned 4
000
000 shares of his common stock to Peter Leighton as compensation in connection with his joining the Company and an aggregate of 104
500 shares to 35 persons as gifts. &nbsp;Mr. Folkson has advanced an aggregate of $134
517 to us to fund our operations. &nbsp;These advances do not bear any interest
 but will be repaid on demand but only from 10% of positive cash flow and should we fail to make any payment
 the remaining balance on the note begin to bear interest at 12% per annum. &nbsp;&nbsp;Our sole director is not deemed independent because he is our majority 






 CEO and sole employee &nbsp;The Company may seek to satisfy all or part of this indebtedness through the issuance of stock to Mr. Folkson..






 2013 and 2014 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years were $0 and $11
500
 respectively.




 2013 and 2014
 for professional services related to tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning work by our principal accountants
 we incurred expenses of $3

250 respectively.










 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES








        

        


        

        


        

        


        

        


        

        


        


 Inc. payable to Sean Folkson*


        

        


        

        

 Inc. a 100% owned New York corporation


        

        


        

        


        

        


        
        



 the XBRL-related information on Exhibit No. 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q shall be deemed &#147;furnished&#148; herewith and not &#147;filed.&#148;







 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.







        

NightFood Holdings
 Inc.


        

        



 2014

        

 Chief Executive Officer
        
















begin 644 mcc500x500.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`2`!(``#_VP!#``T)@L*`T+PL/#@T0%$5%!(2
M%@='A@A,HR


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#TZBBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HIK2QJ



M:`CV))_04[
5S;HKFKCQUX?B53'?++D\@*_'_CM9T_Q'TV.0K%%YJ_WMS#_V






G^RDC@?^A4_9L7

MZM*6+:G=_-P0)VQ_.JS7%TX(>[N&#=0TA(-/V0



E+BBBH-`I*6B@`H`R<T&DI@(PRC#VKUGX::J^H:%
MY$O+P=6R3G+/ZUY
WW3]*['X2W0AUR]MV;`EA4@$\$A@/_9JRJ%Q/6Z***Q+
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH

N#G@`?R%5I
M=?UN5@9-7NB?9R/Y4_9L.8]W:]M$.&NH5/H9!5-_$&E)G-_;_*


G


MQZ3-\4=.7'E:==/^*C^IJK-\4T+#R=*GQ_M.!_0UPXTUQ%!(3@2N%''N1Z^U



%H!_7U'O1JNIW26




H\J../'H&'_
M`+/7'TE/D0KLZ&X\:Z[
05N/+Q_==QG_`


M8Z@O_C6Y;:NTNH?9/+7R



&.

DG_`)Z-_*M#4-2;3W1#S&0W&.X''ZFFE&PG.?-9&/=Z0;2Q
MBFD/SN





1)(F%`'U_QK*HQ2YF5[-6'0.$E5CT%7=;O
M8K^_$\((4*!R



M4TE``#BBBDH`7L?I50U:[&JQZ5G
N)Z1\(;T*+^R9CEG1T'/HV?_`$$5Z;7@

M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH




MILEZUK:W;QF+[[


MJ97J?2ICX?U
1AS;G'&X!E)7/J
Y%='8ZKNTVQFOG
F)QRV6Q\QY[^E:%]J$



M[

ME8CLO_Q)K+CMY987E1
PL9+W4([3.UG8`GKC



-`TZTT]KO
M4KR6

9R1^@]*$[A8YFB@G+'`Q2
M4Q#R
J#3:=UBS[TV@`I0
\9`I*2@!QP`1CM5/M5KL:JUG
J(`E3E3@BOH?0[

M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111

/[V[TJO/X
MJN99S
D.QBNT_


S*$DR`1C/8;O85R(^AQZUI:5HUQ






M'G^$8_A-'

M6/4(-


0


MOVK5TNPL-+U2=;979&MRVV2.0,?I6%%XQ)^T+

@XXQZ5#;^(-1MA((Y

MF887@@#^E56O+EHW1I

=[J.J1:;:M]FN;=MS

FN`4*J\#FC%'*%SM)+O3)M!5M



?
`7)PP7^Z/6N
M9T:YN(M2M8XIG16F3(5B
_






1WXQ574?#^IZ5$);R.-4/=7!]/\16MX)TNVU'[3+-%Y
MS1





N1C+_`.`H8'%HLLIRF6/KNYI9


MF
3$L7C2

MKT$'3BI9+?VH'8R2M
N[_[*

VT'T]1[5`EW.DCNDF&<88X'-:7AVQMKF:2XO@/LD2G=G.<@#IS_

M?[4


)EA4*@.`7##/TXJD]M
!+-E\MQ;1W\D3JX^4'MCVZ


)1F&?F5ACZ\5*WAF_6
VD^GR006T
M7F1N[$#=C/H/4]ZML\KP:

TG





M***`BBC%`@HHHI`%%%&*`%QWHI**8T444`)12T4`)2T44`%%%%`!1110`4

J)/%'YBJH[D_P`JKGJ:MV.?
7TR?Y5'=0^6

M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`!KS7XK3GS
MK:VQQM5\_P#?8KTJO
/BM_R$K;_KDO\`-ZN&Y
MC@:***W
PHHHH`***6@`I
M*6B@!****8PHHHH`****0@HHI:!A1113`****`BBBD(****`BBBF`4444`



M_0UKWQ/N+]*AEH6BBBD
****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`O
/BM_R$K;_KDO\WKT^O
/BM_R$K;_`*Y+_-ZN&Y
M
MC@:***W


M'4444AA1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1



=:;110`4HI*6D`4444`%
M+24M
`HHHH`



]I_JU^@KP/PA_R,UE_UU3_T-:]\3_5K]!4,M#J***0P
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*\A

Q*48[T

8JZEHBJ6FE*^P%.2*V(
M)3+D#O\`_JK)UHHWCAZCZ%#!]#4BP2
/ND?45*TJQD_NEX]:@^TS2MA3CZ&L





M6/\`QX6__7)?Y5FRT3T444AA1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`&O(/B)




M=:

MDD8I_F9L_*[[LTQ










-.-(10(;BFD4^D(I%)C#12T4BD
MQF*0T^D-(H912FDI%)B44M(129:$HI:#2*&T4II*!A1110`4444@BBBF`55
ME_UAJT*JR_ZPU$]BD.0$V\A'J*MW&#IZ^HVU1#$*1V-69&)CV]M@_G4`Q='_
M`.0W8_\`7=/_`$(5]6/_'A;_P#7)?Y5\]Z-_P`AJQ_Z[I_Z$*^A+'_CPM_^

M8-)2T5N9A1110`NXXQ28HHH`*!12TPE%(*4=:6.%%%+3(;`4XD`IV*9+
ME%`IPIDL`*O6



M*:*A****`BBBD`4444P`55E_UAJW527_6&HGL5$%7*
?2IVZ#_`'!3(5W1

M(E7'YBOH72&+:/9
W)
$_\`?(K-EHN4444AA1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5XEXW'_%3W/^\W_H;5[;7@WB8D
M^)+[))_?2=?]\UI3W)EL9E%%%;&84444`%%%%`!2TE**8A12BD%+3)8HI124
MXF0Q13J04M
@!3P*04HIDL44]21T)IH%.%#BFK

8_
!/`R35_

98`$8Z^]5O[0BCMVC1LLQSD$?XUYS5G8]B
KI
M


M:0TF4F

0%8\A/0&L1Y[B-N/ES]*5RR_')('
M9Y6'7Z5G

M)0R/DX/&*T)CNLP?85)ENC.M/\`C]MO^NJ_SKZ%T;_DV'_`%[Q_P#H(KYZ
ML_\`C]MO^NJ_SKZ%T;_DV'_`%[Q_P#H(K-FI=HHHI#BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**


V**FMV5)E9ON
MY&?SJ(GFU=6%S6=SJ8;2%K43AR589`'_ZJ`((L':/RK%L;R2!A'N'EMP1C
MI27UZD#Y!W$\C&#7!5AR

53U2:T8+$@R03SMK(






EMR#/M;H15:\M98


0_[*_P!*R92.?C8I-XZJX(_.OH'
MPU*TWAO3I'^\;=/Y5\^+]Z/_`'A7T!X5_P17TS_`*]T_E4L9K4444AA1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5\^:E_R
*M&;'#







:-:BBBI&%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7SYJ
M/.K7?_79_P#T(U]!U\^ZB
ZO=@?\]7_]-:TR9%:BE92AVFDK4SBBB@`I:*
M*`%'6EI*44Q!2TE+3)8HIU-%.IF;'GFGFB&/%.I@IU4B&/%.%

M)4C
F#Z475\]S.KI$L8![?A6=I\1+$-_GI6G<1B*
5!


T\TTU#+0PTPT

M&E-(:3-$-HI:0TBD%)110
4#:3[5L:T[M80VJ-DAB6`/\`GUH*.=E;

#0(YZ2W95Y


M)IAIQ-

M*MP71M[







M[*WBV\S

MT0AIII325)2&TAI332:1:$--I32&D4@III:2DRT)FD-*:2D6)10:*12$HHHH


M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH




M(Y0
1+@#TK

MBGR6V(?


M60KFP++V?^E8EE:;[S5[SX'_`.1-TO\`ZXC^9KP5SD9KWKP/_P`B;I?_`%Q'
M\S28T;M%%%2

.
]37'6



^*H*VWBD;).:N
W'8



@(R-Q_I65`
MH
H!.*T]&=4#J3CD_P!*Q9:W


44VEIHACA2TVEJB&AU.5V0_*Q'TIE**32DK



@XJ.(;).17%.#BST(34T+:V\LA





MS-4LI'44444AA1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110!4U7_D'2_A_

=244



MLT944?


[T
M';N<^8=D^V094$9J:40(/ER!CCFEF8D[@-S'UJ%8N[MD]<5OG*6YC*HH[%B

*

%GE7

M_PS-4LI'44445(PHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`J:K_P`@Z7\/YBOGT=6^M?0.K$#3922`..3]17S\.K?6M:9$
MQ:***U




M_LS5+*B=11114E!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444

MSF+1125H0+1110


M0


TE'%
5A12YI*
T`+FES244L+124#)Z@+T9I**!6#-&:2C-
M,+YIP1BI;TIE+DTAI!G-.12[`#K31FE5L$$4#L221F,X:HCTI[L6Y-,ZB@
M8E)2^M)0`4AHI,T#BBBD
2BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`%+2EH$%1W'W5^M2


M`/\`T-:\)7[HKW?Q5SX=NO\`@'_H8KPA?NUM3V
YT445J2%**2E%(!X%3)&
M3VJ-!DU?MDS2*0QH25&%J2
CM6SY0VU2N8_04!8S&%-(J=XGYXXJ(H1UIB&
M44I`'4T?**!44O%)F@`HHHH`6BDHI@+2TE&:!YIU-S2YH`6BDS1FF(=FC-
M-S2YH`6G(X1LXS3

!U%-S1FD(=C!P:
XI
TE
8M%)F@4A



!J:.3;

4E`!1
M110`4444`%%%%
!1110*`%HHHI`%+FDHS3$+FC.*3-%`T9%-I:`#-%&:*`







]SI\$S_`'G16/X@
M&H=RU8Y*?P&KWJ^3.B0!?F)5NO/O].]:


5Z+JTF

*+L+'B$

ML0!W):N\T77;;6HRUN


H6OAJ\G4
SK$#V8



93C^57'\+WR
MJ2'1O8`_X5V





D\5X\]C?B24BRN/

M3XQ_NFN;^&\K)9WEM*C(XD!L,'I_P#6KK;ZV%W8S6YZ2(R_F*.H^AX@H&V






%E

\HAA:1N@KA=


#:8W\5H?Q6O'!=70Z74W_`'\-*+Z\


M]`?:FT)

MX!LK2\DF%W;13`9QO4'^[_C79^)9!#X?N';IE1_X\*\GT[4[O3P6M92F[K@D





?\*T

^
M4BC6)?4


2NX^N/\


*A5!)XK+7Q/8
N2V/;#?X54NO


MY`!*V[D^QK$N;J:[D\R9RQ]




MZ-_A34HVT%.E4O=E/6MGOK][F-L+M`Q@=OQKE&&UBIZBNX/BP*L/
ZCT;_


M-S]1_PA/7FGY*]-^%$B?9+F//S97C\7K-&ST/1****!!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!Q/Q1_P0)'^/_H25

M0


M%VJ%`PHX'M7ER^-M4`YP?^^?_B:I7WB34[W(:8*I[;5/]/:ERLJYTGCW78I;



4`$AWRD*


`TL:A[8IOGW^M,J!DBK
D$49*EN0/6H73RW`+

M^/+DR?X35?%`!2TE+0`44448M+24O:F2+WHH%+BFB6%,G_U?XT\4R?_`%=$
MMB5N11C()[5%M&[VJ6)ML;#UQ35^\0?6N*6YW1^%*?UKO?A0!]NN_JO\GKA


MG&
\4%B1@DX]*2B@0H)'`-%)Q2T#DI:2@`I124HH$Q:7M24M,D44M)2]J:)
M8F3_PKIXID_P#JZ);6Y7!P


MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*

AR33$
:3T%-\UNU(:8:
M9(N]O6DR3WHHH$)12T4`)1110`4M)2T#BBB@`%%%`H$+2T44QTM)13)8M

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH

M10

0M%)2T`444E`!1110`4M)2@D=
M*!A24O7DTE`!2T44%I:2@4Q

MCY34$=3

M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11







?FC-

TS=1NIB'TM
W4;J0#\T^*3R
MW!J'=1NH`FF??(33*9NI=U`#\T=:9FC-


T9H&+FBDS1D4`+2TF:
T`.H%

M*3\/_0'KCV-=C\+O^1B?\/\`T!ZSF:T]CU^BBBI+BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#S7XD_\?\/X_P`DKCZ[#XD_
M\?\`%^/\DKCZYY;G53^%!1114EA1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4M)10`M%)10`

_P#\J?
M11=BLB/R(O[H_(4GV:+^[^@J6BGS



GWK8P*3:I[4_K/D+ZOYF1
MFC=6ML3^[^M)Y2?W?UI_6?(7U?S






M]_:.?N]\^U9JQNR[E7(^HHL%QE`K7\
I')JZK(@92!PP!_B%0:ZJIKEVD:A5

MY@-TPV?3_&J-&P)WBBB@`HHHH&`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHI:`BBB@`HHHH


MUIH3%=

M^@/4]2[65CUZBBBJ(BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@#S7XD_\?\`#^/\DKCZZ?XA
Q\0%2Q*CH/3Y%KF*YY;G5#X

#_;KGM&U'^S9II-F
M[S$V]?\`ZQJSIFL)9ZE-=.F[S&W8S]?;WJTR&B]H5_=2^*'220
IWC&T58T[
MY;W5P.GD#_T&L32=0CL]:-[(


U@UCJ2*



OK.#PU-;-
JS
7PISDY6H?#US;0:=





&T?

1(.HX]?:

5K`YTJ[;

`FD98D;I



M!`[C'L/6GRAS'$YHR*UO#MK#=:L(IXPZ8'!^HK3?3K`^)?LI@7RL'Y1G'\7^
WU.*WM5++*V!CMT]_


13
?RJM/`]O+Y<@PU:=MJJ0B4%-PD;<03_]:J6HWW
XD7KCG\S28%6BBBD


MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`\B^)%WY/B5EV9_'_82N6&H+W3]?\`ZU=%\3AGQ0WX?^@)7([*M4HM
M78_:26A=%_%W&/\`/TIPO83WQ^?^%4-M)MI^PB/VTC2%W`?XOT-.%S?X_T-
M9>RDV#TI?5XC]NS7\Z,]&_2G1#_`!?I6-LH8J7AT'MS:R/6EK%YH!8=Z7U
M

M`.O2=&92J1-1Y99&#M(Q8=R3FI)+ZZEB\MYY&7T+$_UK(_M$]T_3_PO3AJ


5Q9I;7]G'*$``

D8/

'%
WX]0LK7Q`;F$EHW/S
M$YXRV3VJS-/ING7RW]M


M@'(WK_[)4?@R1/.F@)P75@/QVBN=6XE6(Q!_D/;`I(Y&BD#QG##H:.;4.72Q




M444`%
G&87'L:?39/]4_^Z:$)F3WJ1.(R1UI8X_



MM&VGG`HP*!#-M)MJ3`I=M`R+;1MJ3%&*`(M@HV#TJ7%&*0:D6P4;*FQ1MHL.



MC'YUB_
/XV_.ES(/^6C?G4_5Q_6#:RO]X?G1QZBL;?*/^6C?G2B:8?\`+1OS
M-'U=C]NC9HQ61]HG'\?ZG_&E%W..X_7_`!J?J\A^W1K8HK+%]/Z#]:7^T)A_
M`M+V$A^VB:=%9O\`:

U81E/&X]:M;,`[C
MQZUL<Y5NGVVX'<UK_#K_`)&^U_WO_96K`NI-Z@=LUZ#\+-#RS:M)ST,?`_VU
M/O5K8A[GI]%%%`@HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB


58
.HH$]4;=V;:Y^TQ1*5E1B2V`
_
!U
M_&LRXM1!$KB0-DXP

3




N!4DL+7]C;
M^2RDKM!!/(PI]/K5EK99-0DNU(=8E^4+W88-58BY5O(;1U


M#

(

=/Y^]+$!#I$KGK

0
G-
CM9I8_

^I]J.42J(R\4HP.M6)+*YB0.T+@'OM/^%11QF20(HY-


VTUE^4_2IE%-:EQFUL+G/

M1112`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B


C94M(`?N@=/PK%?P#
MXE1L?8XW]UF7^IKHC)6


HH/'6DW@!:*,
MBC(IBBC-%`#XII8&W1.4/M2S3RSMNED9S[FHZ*`'B1A$8L_*3G%-_&DI:`L

KEY





,=*@\09,D<G6-L[?TH^UQ1-+;7;
MX'8N


1DGT/K5@7MM<7DMP7V-MQ'E3UVXIDZKH.N;L\MK0.)`J$2=_F

MX*SLB%UQ3*5FS2&H-`I*7^&B@!**6B@!
4CCY3]*6D;[A^E`%
]:='')*P2-
M2SGH!UI#UKJ?AWI)U3Q*C.H
$
;L_(]
=#[L*YV:'IW@W1%T71HXVA$=P^?

M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!44EO%*VZ1


M5%'


V%L008N#Q]XU4'AW21_
MRZ?^1'_QI^T\@Y3P?(]:


\#RS_\



EZ)%<%3Y]PHD))/1E4XQ]17E'A_2)]9U=+:&-F7)W$#@<$C/
M3TKZ!10BA5&`HP*YI&J%HHHJ1A1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1UHHH`
M3:O]T?E41M+8DDV\1)_V!4U%`%9]/L9/]996[?[T2G^E12Z/ILL31M86V&XX
MB7_KU%`&./#&C_\^



L****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
I**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/_]D_
`
end




















begin 644 ex10_2apg002.gif

P``9@``F0``S```_P`S```S
P`S9@`SF0`S
MS``S_P!F``!F
P!F9@!FF0!FS`!F_P9``9
P99@9F09S`9_P#
``#
M
P#
9@#
F0#
S`#
_P#_``#_
P#_9@#_F0#_S`#__S
``#
`
S
`9C
`F3
`
MS#
`_S
S`#
S
S
S9C
SF3
SS#
S_S-F`#-F
S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F_S.9`#.9
M
S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/
`#/

S/
9C/
F3/
S#/
_S/_`#/_
S/_9C/_F3/_
MS#/__V8``&8`
V8`9F8`F68`S&8`_V8S`&8S
V8S9F8SF68SS&8S_V9F`&9F
M
V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9`&:9
V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;
`&;

V;
9F;
F6;
MS&;
_V;_`&;_
V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD``)D`
YD`9ID`F9D`S)D`_YDS`)DS
M
YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF`)EF
YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9`)F9
YF99IF9F9F9
MS)F9_YG
`)G

YG
9IG
F9G
S)G
_YG_`)G_
YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P``
P`
M

P`_\PS`
PS

PS_\QF`
QF

MS
QF_\R9`
R9

R9_\S
`
S

\S
9LS

S
S
_\S_`
S_
M

S___\``/\`
_\`9O\`F?\`S/\`__\S`/\S
_\S9O\SF?\S
MS/\S__]F`/]F
_]F9O]FF?]FS/]F__^9`/^9
_^99O^9F?^9S/^9___
`/_
M
__
9O_
F?_
S/_
____`/__



























..NB@@PXZ
















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7










MS3777'



..NB@










..NB@@PXZ

.

MT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K








M#CKHH(






MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3H


MS3777(






















M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(












MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M












..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377









MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS377



M7'












MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH7'/--0Y=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=N[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3_Z-A0X?NVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






























MKEV[A@[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M7/7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




..NB@@\XYUUQS










N7;MV[=JU:__7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:N6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O77'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQS
MS3777'/--==<<PTZZ*#SC777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'












MUP#DVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=




















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7








M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[








..NB@




M7(









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



M7(







MUUQSS?\UUUQSS3777'


.

MVK5KUZY=NW;M'+IKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=.W?MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;M&CITUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVC5TZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-'3ITUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:M6OHKEV[
M=NW:M6O7KIU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[








































..NB@






MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:












MUUR##CKHH(


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[















MUUR##CKHH(















MUUQSS34S((```@BP($













-0*Y=NW8-'3ITZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MW+5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZANW;MVK5KU]!=NW;MVK5KU]!=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU\Y=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NX;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.






MUUQS#3KGH(


-










MS3777'/--0Y=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVCETZ-ANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVC5TUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;NVK5KUZY=.W?MVK5KUZY=0W?MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ
Y=NW;MVK5KUZZANW;MVK5KUZY=






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#







M@


MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

























MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*$[=^W:-737KEV[-NO:(4&!



























MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(








..NB@@PXZZ%QSS3777'/-


D@``+





MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;-








MH(


M=NW:M6O7KEV[9NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M5G7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:-6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=











MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M7/7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


M+%PA@``


M(
``@@@P`(++#``@((+(-8+(
`
+K%QSS3777'/--8+

(

@EQSS377
MM














M0

MH(

S`PC777'/--8@@T`(,PC2BNSL+(#RP($
K






S`@BS77'/--3

+*+(@((L@
K%QSS3777'/-




-0*Y=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















M#2OH7'


M$





M$Y0``8)`UV9=NW8-`0($K*Y=NW;MVK5KUV8@0#HVK5K@A`@:&#%:MKUZY=
MNV;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









..NB@


`55UQSS377!*```((((```@@`$%;7
MKEV[(J`%P$!`@0((`5JVM6!`@0($``%;7T*%#APX=NG/7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHSJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVCETYZY=NW;MFK5KUUBT0(`@VBQK+1`@0!#HVK5K

M7



MBRO7KEV[A@X=.G37SEV[QDJ``$'7KET+)(!5('37T%UC)8!%U;7KEF[(D`
M@$#7RK$2((`5JVO7KET+)#0E6O7KET3)#0E6O7KE@1(.C:M6O7K@02P.K:
MM6L!`@(U.K:-4$!`BX
NO:-58!`BP=HT5*P%76%V[=DT0*Q8LT*&[=D4`
MQ:LKEVS=D7`E4#7KK$2)
#4M6O7KEV[=@[=N6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:

HUUUQSS3777'--`BP@@
@UUUC3B@PS()```@@\












MUUQSS3777



M(P1H&O7KEV[=NW:M6LL6+X=NW:M6O7KJ%#=^W:-58!`6Z=DV`@OHKEV[




MH(


+`0S377
MM((``@@@(



















..NB@@PXZ


MUUR30`L((
#*-='














@UJP@B@``"```((((``







..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-






`UUUQS







TUUUQS




MT*&[9D[`E2O7T`7_8B5`T+5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU\Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

MU\Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUF:UD)$`0:MKUJY=NW8M$(($%BPNG9M%HL$
M!`$NA;MVK5KUZY=NW;M6K1KUZY=Z^(%`8LN@:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVBP6




M7'--(`(((

ML


M_[5KUU@($'#MVK5KUZX($-#JF@`!+-!=NW;NVK5KUZY=NW;MBH!6K-A0X?N
MFH`K5ZY=,X5(0!TUZY=NW;NVK5KUZY=0X?NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



-*RQX(0@KUUQSS3777'$%`BRT












MP8+%M6O7]@A`Q.K:M6OHK@D0(.:%0$6%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUK
MQ4J`E6O7KEV[=NW:M2N!!+Z=DV0`%:KEV[=NW:%0$6/]=8\5*P)5KUZY=
MN]9*`(MKUZY=NW;NVC5TUZZQ$B#@RK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZX)L'+EVK5KUZZQ
M$#@VK5KUZX%$B#`VK465@2PNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVA4!K%R##CK7H





B```(M
MS-``@@@@
`









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

M!`2Z=NV:`!8LKEV[=NT:*P$!%V[=HV%@$!7KEV[=DV0@M7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKET+Q$J`@$KEV[=HW5%0$6%R[=NW:-0$KER[=NW:%0'76*&[QH)%BVO7







2`0`((((`#(FP(`,
M
D0SRS4S((!``@C

$








MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KK$2($!`







M%XBT

M%X$DPLHLU[#22BO77&/--:P(@L@5















-
M*ZP(((```@@@@``



MS3777'


MS3777'
-0*Y=NW;MVK59T*Y=LQ9MUK5KT:Y=NW9MUK5KUV1=NP;MVJQHUZY!
MNW9-UK5KUZ)9NW;MVK49
















M5ZY=NW;MB@`!`@1=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K













.







..NB@@PXZ

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:















M#CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
















.

M#CKHH(








MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
















M+D7%.E2I$N1,$6Z%.E2)$R1+D6Z%`E3I$N1+D7%.E2I$N1
$6Z%.E2)$R1

MD5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDE
MD5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDE
MD5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDE
MD5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDE
MD5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P22:17!+))9%@$LDED5P2_PDFD5P2R2618!+)


M1)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B2222
M1))))+_1)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDD
MDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDD
MDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDD
MDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDD
MDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDD
MDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B2222_T0B22221))
M)))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221))
M)))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221))
M)))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221))
M)))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221))
M)))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221)))))$(DDDDD0B22221))
M)))$(DDDDD0B22221))))(`))*D2/^2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*
M)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*
M)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*)F2I$B2(DF*

M(EV*=G2I4B7(EV*=G2I4B7(EV*=G2I4B7(EV*=G2I4B7(EV*=G2I4B7
M(EV*=G2I4B7(EV*=G2I4B7(EV*=G2I4B7(EV*=G2I4B7(EV*=G2I4B7

..NB@_X
.

M-==$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))
M))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))
M))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))
M))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))
M))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211/\222211!))))%$$DDDD402
M22211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD402
M22211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD402
M22211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD402
M22211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD402
M22211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD402
M22211!))))%$$DDDD43_$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$
M$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD4024`B18H4*5*D
M2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D
M2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D
M2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D
M2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D2)$B18H4*5*D
M_TB1(D6*%E2I$B1(D6*%E2I$B1(D6*%E2I$B1(D6*%E2I$B1(D6*%E2
MI$B1(D6*%E2I$B1(D6*%E2I$B1(D6*%E2I$B1(D6*%E2I$B1(D6*%E2
MI$B1(D6*%E2I$B11!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))
M))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))
M))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!))
M))%$$DDDD40222211!))))%$$DDDD40222211!)))/^11!))))%$$DDDD402

































MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


.




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O77'/-































M7'



MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
N7;MV[=JU:]=<<\TUUUQSS377

















M#CKHH(



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7












..NB@








MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:




































MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















-
M0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


MH(
















..NB@



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:



















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUS



































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUR##CKHH(
..NB@


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/.






MS377`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K












M#CKHH(



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















..NB@

MH(










MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#



MR-)**ZS
TDHKLK32RBRML#)+*ZW
PDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRM
ML#)+*ZS
T@HKL[3RBRML#)+*ZS,T@HKL[3RBRML#)+*ZS
TDHKLK32RBRM
MM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW(TDHKK
S22BNLS-)**ZS
TDHKK
S2BNM
MS,)**ZW(TDHKK,S2BNMS

+_2BNSM-+*+*VT
DLK


M2E:K5JUFL6K5:E8K5JUFM6K%:E:K5JUDM6K%JM4L5JU8M9+5BE4K5K-8M6+5
M2E8K5JU8S6+5BE4K6:U8M6(UBU4K5JUDM6+5BM4L5JU8M9+5BE4K5K-8M6+5
M2E8K5JU8S6+5BE4K6:U8M6(UBU4K5JUDM6+5BM4L5JU8M9+5BE4K5K-8M6+5
M2E8K5JU8S6+5BE4K6:U8M6(UBU4K5JUDM6+5BM4L5JU8M9+5BE4K5K-8M6+5
M2E8K5JU8S6+5BE4K6:U8M6(U_XM5*U:M9+5BU8K5+%:M6+62U8I5*U:S6+5B
MU4I6*U:M6
UBU8I5*UFM6+5B-8M5*U:M9+5BU8K5+%:M6+62U8I5*U:S6+5B

..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ%QSS3777'/-




MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MW;EKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;_




MUUR##CKHH(














MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K










MH'



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUS
















MUUQSS3777'


..NB@`Y!K







M7'










MUUQSS37H7(


MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUK)
MNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW8-W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVCETZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0W?MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-'3ITUZY=NX;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU_^N

N7;MV[=JU:^BN77/--==<<\TU





-.NB@@PXZUUQSS3777'/-

..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-






MS377`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZU8G7MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K





-













M7(



M`&##!N`*H&O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7























M?(



MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[):G7MVK5KUZY=

%@!4K*U:N79
%@%4@=%8!;H6!NV;E:L


!\@PXZZ*!SC14K!'(.-O_8L








MS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=8S7KVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


-.JP(((``UUQS#0L




(T`(+`@@@@`LL*`



*-@!@8\4UUUQS



`5U[`BB``"`
M``($@@4+`@@@@``"``-P((``K@@@@0L``X((((```@@@@`"!!*(
M`*RPPHH`+*!SS14L




MLP(K@5RS0BK7'--(($`@`XZZ*##CK7K


M%@@`@&O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC777'/-


MS3777-





**``((((```@02`L""```(((,`L+`@@`N!!`(*T((``+@0@@
M@``"`_PL7!&(`(*PPHH`+%QSS14L

.*``*P










..M?
@@TV`&$5:
6*


















J5:X$$!#`BA4K*P($&#!

M=.W:M6N`L&'#A@V;M6NLJF##%NC:M6O7`F'#9NW:M6O7`F'#9NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NV:-597!`@0((/5M6O6K@@0

-*RP(((``@5QS32`K((*P*P
MP







M7;MV[?_:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[Q@H`JT#HK`2Z=NW:M6O7








-
M0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[_7;MV



M#ATZ=.C0H8





MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=





.












MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5K






MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7




















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:















-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






MAPX=.G3HH(















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=












TLKL\@R
M2RNSS#)+*[/


MRO\LK
S2RBRMS
+*+*W
TLHLK
S2RBRMS-+*+*W





+*+*W
TLHLK
S2RBRMS
+*+*W
TLHLK
S2RBRMS
+*+*W







)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32
MBNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM

MT@HKL[32BNSL-)**[*TT@HKL[32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.T
MPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.T
MPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.T
MPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BO_LK32BNS
MM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNS
MM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNS
MM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNS
MM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNS
MM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM


..@!!=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K







..NB@@\XUUUQSS377










MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


















M[=K_M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[













..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ












.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(








MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















M#CKHH(



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M










..NB@@PXZ






M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=.73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KO]=














..NB@@PXZ





MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:



































MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
























M7'












MUUQSS3777'/--=?_`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5K




..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377

M7'/--;.P
DLKLK322BNRM-+*+*S
THHLK;0R2_\KL[32RBRMS-+*+*W(TLHL



T@HKL[32RBRMS-)**[.T
@LKL[`R2RNSM-)**[*T
DLK

TDHKL[`R2RNMS-(**[.T(DLK
MK
S22BNRM#(+*ZW

PDHK
ML[`R2RNLS-(**[.T(DO_*ZW(TDHKLK0RRNMS,)**[.P,DLKK,S2BNSM)+
M*ZW(TDHKLK0RRNMS
)**[.P
DLKK
S2BNSM)+*ZW(TDHKLK0RRNMS,)*
M*[.P,DLKK,S2BNSM)+*ZW(TDHKLK0RRNMS
)**[.P
DLKK
S2BNSM)+
M*ZW(TDHKLK0RRNMS,)**[.P,DLKK,S2BNSM)+*ZW(TDHKLK0RRNMS`(0
M5JUFL9K5BM6L5JQFM9+5JI6L5JUDM9K%JM4L5JUFL9K5BM6L5K-8S6K52E8K

M_U:L9K62U8K5+%:S6LEJU4I6JU:S6LUJU6H6JUFM6LUJ):O5K%:S6K62U6H6
MJU:M9+6:U:K5K%:S9K5J-:O5K%:S6
UJQ6I6*UFM6LEJU4I6JUFL6LUBU4I6
M*UFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6
MJUFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6
MJUFM6LEJU6H6JUFM6LEJU6H6*[.TTHHLK;0RRNSM-**+*VT,@LKL[32BBRM
MM#(+*[.TTHHLK;0RRNSM-**+*VT
@LKL[32BBRMM/\RRNSM-**+*VT,@LK
ML[32BBRMM#(+*[.TTHHLK;0RRNSM-**+*VT
@LKL[32BBRMM#(+*[.TTHHL
MK;0RRNSM-**+*VT,@LKL[32BBRMM#(+*[.TTHHLK;0RRNSM-**+*VT
@LK
ML[32BBRMM#(+*[.TTHHLK;0RRNSM-**+*VT,@LKL[32BBRMM#(+*[.TTHHL
MK;0RRNSM-**+*VT

..NB@@PXZ

M*[.P

DLKK
S22BNRM-+*+*RT
DLKLK0B2RNRM-+*
M+*W


M*ZW





DLKK
PR2RNLS#)+
M*ZS

DLKK
S2BNSL#(+*ZW,,DLKLK0R2RNSL-+*++.T(DLKL[0RRNSM#)+
M*[*T_S)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R
M2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T

M#CKHH(



M2BNSM-+*+*VT
DLKK+0R2RNLM#(+*ZVT(DLKK;`R2RNLM#(+*ZVT
@LKK;0R
M2RNMS-)**[.PTDHKL[#22BL`D=6J52M9K5JQFM6*5:M9K%JUDO_5JA6K6:U8
MM9K5BE6K6:U8M9K5BE6K6:U:S6HUJU6K6:U8M6HUJQ6K5JUFM6+5JM6L5JQ:
MS6K5BM6L5JU8S6K%JM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8
MS6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8
MS6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8
MS6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8
MS6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM4L5JU8S6+5BM7_+%:M6
UBU8K5+%:M6
W2BNLS,)*
M*ZS,PDHKK,S2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK

)**ZVT(DLKK;0R2RNMS-(**ZW

M*ZW

)**ZS
PDHKK
S2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S2BNLS
)*
M*ZS
PDHKK
S_THKK,S2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK
S2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S
M2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK
S2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK
S
M2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK
S2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S
M2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK
S2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK
S
M2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK
S2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S
M2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK
S2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S2BNLS
)**ZS
PO]**ZS
MPDHKK
S2BNLS,)**ZS,PDHKK,S2BNLS
)**ZS
PDHKK


MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUBUNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZU

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=JUFLKEV[=NW:
MM6O7KLVZ=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M5:S6EV[=NW:M6O7KEUK

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[















M#CKHH(










M#CKHH(



























.*``($














MH(

ML



MU[#@O7L







MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K










MAPX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[



@UUUQSS3777'/-






TLHUUUQS





N




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MKIV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS3777'/-




-*P*P


`55UAS








MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ%C-8G7MVK5KUZY=NW9-UK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NR9(

ME0`!`@0(N'+%VC56_ZRL&AAA=4U5JP$&#5RHJ`*U=8!&+%2@`K08$$7+MV









..NB@









-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZZUFM7JVK5KUZY=NW;M6JMKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=











M7(

MKEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K














..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK7G'/-

MM6O7KEV[QJK5M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=HU5JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=FU6JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=








/*








..NB@

MH(


MK&O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
















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














MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M5FMKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKLK32
MRBRLM#)+*ZS
TDHKLK322BNRM-)**ZS
T@HKK;32BNML-(**ZVTPDHKK+32
MD!8M6+5JA6K5JQ:M6+5JA6K5JU8M6K%JM6L5JS_6LUJ-:M5JUFM6LUJU6I6
MJU:S6K6:U:K5K%:M9K5J-:M5JUFM6LUJU6I6JU:S6K6:U:K5K%:M9K5J-:M5
MJU:S6+5JU8I5JU:M6
UJU6I6JU:S6K5J):M5JU:L9K5BU:K5+%:M6K&:U:H5
MJU:S6+5JU4I6JU:L6LUJQ:I5*UFM6K5B-:L5JU:M9K%JU8K5K%:M6+6:Q:I5
MJU:R6K5BU6I6*U:M6LEJU:H5JUFM6+5J-8M5JU:L9K5JQ:K5+%:M6K62U:H5
MJU:S6K%JU4I6JU:M6
UJQ:I5JUFL6K5B-:M5*U:M9K%JU:J5K%:M6+6:U8I5




-



..NB@








N




M7;MV[=JU:__7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTUUUQS

..NB@

MH(



M7'
-.NB@`Q!TYZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K











..NB@








MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MVK5KU\Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;_







M7











MNW;MVK56K*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU]!=
















MH(













M=NW:M6NLKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT%V[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G37T%V[=NW:M6O7KJ%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#AP[=-737T%U#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NT:.G37KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=








MS3777


M#CKHH(





N


MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=HU5-%;HKEV[=NW:M6O7
M6EV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#=^W:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS3777'/-


.
M.NB@_X

..NB@

..NB@
















..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377








-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK5A=





MH(














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

..NB@@PXZ


MZ*RP`C?GH!










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

M0W?MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=




-


..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-



M#32R`





MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:JVBRKEV[=NW:M6O7KK6Z=NW:M6O7



%


















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[









W:M6O7K@5:<6T6@$#7KET#$@0ND`K5EP+9$7&-5:$





+*-8$$8@H7

MUUQSS3777'
-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M_]JU









MVK5KUZZM8
7JFI5`K%:PNG;-2J`5*ZZQPH;MVK5KUZY=NW;-JM`@0*AQ3H















`

(*-JR@@XX5@5QS#2(K7'--





MU[#3;86''-_S6L8(








MS3777'




-*]BPPLHUZ+#C967'
-.H%@
M`P!`K%RS8@4;-E:!KEVS8F7%M4!`$[=FU%H&N!`JVX=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






0LTUUQS







..NB@




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[














N



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-72!`&[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OH6+'QNK:M6O7KEV[=LTUUUQS



















MNFOGKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:













-0*Y=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[_7;MV







MH(













MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









..NB@@PXZ










MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KK**Q0G?MVK5KUZY=N];JVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K










.






MD&O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M











MS3777'





M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#QZK5M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T)U#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[QFK6



















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
















MH(










MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K












.





MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M














M#3KGH(


MBBRML#)+*ZS


@LKL[`R2RNRM#(+
M*[.T(DLKL[`R2RNRM#(+*[.T(DLKL[`R2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNR1-+
M*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKL[`R2RNRM#(+*ZW,PDHKL[#_TLHLK+0R
MRNMS
)**[.PTLHLK+0RRNMS,)**[.PTLHLK+0RRNMS
)**[.PTLHLK+0R

M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BO_K+3
M2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#
M2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#
M2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#
M2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#
M2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+3RBRL1

)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM,(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLM
(**ZVPPDHK_ZRPT@HKK+3BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRP
MT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRP
MT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**_^LM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ






MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M7/HH(












-








M0X?NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=











MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:M%:MKUZY=NW;MVK5K

.

.











MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(







M#CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



N7;MV[=JU:]?.
M7?^[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=NFO7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:-737
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7







M7'




-.NB@@\XUUUQSS377
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ













.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'





M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#QZH5JVO7KEV[=NW:M6NMKEV[







































..NB@@PXZ




















M=NW:M6OHKEW_NW;MVK5SUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK5A=NW;MVK5KUZY=

M#CKHH(




`@PXZZ*##CKGG-,-.NB@@PXZZ*#SC777'







M5K`!6
'JVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




-.JRT






..-^`@TTXYI3##3:!







..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377





..NB@@PXZ

M-:T$(@`KK`C`BNF
N





MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7




-*P!@@PTV



TUUUQSS36!L








`*

MB!777



A\XPTVY9#S#3CHD/,-
M..6`<XXYVZ###3?EH(,..NB@<\TUUU1QS37G7'/--:L(`L@5@5QCA16!K+(



MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=








M`@2P$G3MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

M#CKHH(




..O_HH(










MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6OHKJ%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3G7(




















M[=JU:]=8M;IV[=K_M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[



MUZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(





MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=.W?M
MVK5KUZY=NW;M6BMHLZY=NW;MVK5KUZZQNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M









..NB@







M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVC59K5A=NW;MVK5KUZY=:W7MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=














MK


MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O76K&Z=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6N!`ED!LK0-0#7T+'A@X=-G3=NIT;]\T;




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73GT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HKEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KK%J




MZ*Q@A3GD8(



















.






MS34KL++*-==8X0TKV)QS#BO87'


+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBS0S,+*
M+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*
M+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS`+-+*S,PLHLK,S2BNRM)+*ZS,_\+*+*S,PLHLT,S
MRBRLS`+-+*RT


M2BNSL!*-+*VT(DLKT


M2BNRM`+-+*VP

S2











-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=_[MV[=HU=*Q:

ML6K%JA6K5JRTPDHKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3
MBNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3
MBNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**_^ML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNLM,(**ZVPT@HKK+32BNLL-(**ZVP
MPDHKK+3BNML-(**ZRTPDHKK+#2BNML,)**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLM
)**ZRP
MT@HKK;#2BNLM,(**ZVPT@HKK+32BNLL-(**ZVPPDHKK+3BNML-(**ZRT
MPDHKK+#2BNML,)**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLM


MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5K

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















MUUQSS3777-

MUUQSS377`.3:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


..NB@@PXZ

















MS3777(










M=NT:NFOHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC777'/-

-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.






M#CKHH(













-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



MH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'37KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G37
MKEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:M%:MK

MH(

M`)C#RC4`8(










-










$TXXW)2##3;F8

*








M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=@W=M6OHT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEUSS3777(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ






-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/.





M#3;77'--(%8``







MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NV*@$!KEV[=NW:-2LM!%V[=NT:*P$6EV[=@T=NFO7



*
M*P!@`P``W9B##CKHH(

..NB@TTTWV&##3;?G/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@

7KARV













MH(

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N]:*U;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



M6


MH(
..M^
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC?@E(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS377

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW9-5JMKUZY=

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:-5:MKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

















\XX
MV&#333?G;


MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M7/HT*&[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M6BM6UZY=NW;MVK5K







M7(

#-8$(((`U`@@2R#4L!+(










.















M7;MV[=JU:__7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KJ&[=NW:M6O7KJ%CU8K5M6O7KEV[=NW:-5;7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[)D```$!+1@)4``JVM1K@2Z$NC*-58!)P3$$C0-0$!`@0(A0*RL





0UUUR##2L``'`...64@PTVV&##2L``!`(
M*RNL8`4KZ*##CK=='/..=UX4PXZW913#CKE?/


















N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/-_S777'/--==<<\TUUUQS










...9T




-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MFJQ6UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


..NB@










MUUQSS377`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


MH(




-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKG7'/-








MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#=^W:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@\XUUUQSS3777'





..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@

MS3?@B!.(%58$$L@**UQSS37HH(....&











M8(

K%QSS3G77',-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-'3ITZ-A0X<.'3IT

..NB@@TXXXHR#3CCBC(-...&`








MUUQSS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:M


N7;MV[=JU:]?0H4.'

N77/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW8-W;5KUZY=N];*6JMKUZY=NW;MVK5KK*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MV@HKLJY=
MNW;M&C9LY[!Y^X9M'+=MV

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(





..NB@@PXZ







MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-W;5K
MUZY=NX:.52M6UZY=NW;MVK5KUUI=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC77


M5JQP#3KHH(

.-MA@`\XY

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


`*_S0K

















..NB@

MH(

`-N6@@PXZ


MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&KIKUZY=NW;MFJQ6
MK*Y=NW;MVK5KUZZQNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(








MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(







..NB@@PXZ



MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQSS3777'












M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#



M7;MV[?_:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O79+6Z=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:N6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O76+6Z=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5K



**ZRLP`HZZ'!SSC776%%.-]U@@\TJ@K!BQ3777-.-












..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:

M-73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=LTUUUQSS3777'/-


















-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=






B@@PXZZ%QSS3777'/--==<





MH(





MUUQSS3776



MH(






..NB@@PXZ

MVC5TUZY=NW;MVK5KZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5TZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M







MUUQC!2O77(

..NB@@PXZ
MUUQSS377H(


.

.

.-N:8TPTWY9##
M#3KHH(
..N:8@\TXZ*###3GGG/

MS377_UQSS377H(
..@!!APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:












V:E4!`EE!9\7*BD#7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7SJ%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[



MS37HH(











..NB@@PXZUUQS













--N.(

..NB@





N77/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<







MUUR##CKHH(




.
N7;MV[=JU:]<






-.JQ$P\HU




MUUP#S2PKL`+-+%9@@PTVK)2##3;DE(
-_S;EH(
..NB@@PXZW92##CKD8(
-





MKEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=D]7JVK5K









M#CKHH(

MS3GHH(
..NB@@PY`T%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3GT%V[=NW:

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N]:*U;5KUZY=NW;M


M(````$`@UUQSS36LL`(``%98P0H`V``PRS777'
-`*RPL@(ZK%P#@!4``!#(

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#
MAPX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



.




















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:



M#CKHH(



M[MJU:U8`8










..NB@@PXZ

N75NQ@M4U*U869G%ZMHU:+-6
M7+MVS=J*6=``7#,+*U9<(\@J@:S`BO77'/--5:P<LTUK`022!7!-(((%X





M7








MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NR:KU;5KUZY=NW;MVK5K







M(((-`(@````V@:QP#30K!





MVK5KUZY=NW8-'3ITZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:M%:MKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


$**RL`\(0
T%B!#3;8!'+-










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

.


MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


M#CKHH(





MH(







..NB@@PXZ






MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7











MUUQSS377H(












































MKEV[=NW:M6O7KK6RUNK:M6O7KEV[=NT:JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

.

.

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZZA8]6*U;5KUZY=NW;MVK56UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M








..NB@





..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377

















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N_9$!K1KUZY9


.







-.NB@@PXZUUQSS3777(

..NB@@PXZ

.

(*
M*ZVPPDHKK+#2O\KK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;`RRNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#
M2BNLM
(**ZVPT@HKK+32BNLL-(**ZVPPDHKK+3"BNML-(**ZRTPDHKK+#2
MBNML
)**ZRTP@I`6+5BU8H5JU:L6K%BU8I5*U:L6K%JQ8I5*U:M6+'_:L6J
M%2M6K5BU8L6J%:M6K%BU8M6*%:M6K%JQ8M6*52M6K%JQ:L6*52M6K5BQ:L6J
M%2M6K5BU8L6J%:M6K%BU8M6*%:M6K%JQ8M6*52M6K%JQ:L6*52M6K5BQ:L6J
M%2M6K5BU8L6J%:M6K%BU8M6*%:M6K%JQ8M6*52M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQFL6J
M%:MKUZY=NW;MVK5KK*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


M(%8`L

M.N@$@@TV`+#C;88(













H**[







MM6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[=N[:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-5:MKEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:




















M=NW:M6NM6%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(









M_UV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



..NB@@\XUUUQSS377





-.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(







MUZY=NW;MVK5KK:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




N7;-B!2M6
MH'--(*Q<<XT5K+#R@H`6/'$+$^PP@HZV%QS#2+88(

..NB@@PXZ







%`(B4`L`*


-






MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=














..NB@


MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















M-72L6EV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=
M.73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6NL6EV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5TZ*Y=NW;M

MS377H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7





..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
























.











+0%A=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8M4`L6















M`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#=^T:NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


..NB@




M&)%RP((L`UZ+!RA0`

@UUP320B



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:






M7(





MUXPSCCCAB







@LK
ML[`RRNSL'(-*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#)+*[*T
@LKL[0B2RNSL#)+*[*T
@LK
ML[0B2RNSL#)+*[*T
@LKL[0B2RNSL#)+*[*T
@LKL[0B2RNSL#)+*[*T
@LK
ML[0B2RNSL#)+*[*T
@LKL[0B2RNSL#)+*[*T
@LKL[0B2RNSL#)+*[*T
@LK
ML[0B2RNSL#)+*[*T(DLKK$3#2BNRM&)-*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM&)-*[*T(DLK
MLK0B2RNRM)+*[)$(TLKLK0B_TLKLK0B2RNLS,)**[.PTLHLK+0RRNS0#
+
M*[.P
@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*ZW(THHLK;`RRNSL-**
M+*W(T@HKL[`RRNMR-**+*VP
@LKL[#2BBRMR-(**[.P


M*ZW(THHLK;`RRNSL-**+*W(T@HKL[`RRNMR-**+*VP
@LKL[#2BBRMR-(*
M*[.P








)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(*
M*ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(*
M*ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(*
M*ZRTP@HKK?^PPDHKK+#2BNLM,(**ZVPT@HKK;`RRNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK+3
MBNML,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZS_M
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
(*0%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%K):G7MVK5KUZY=NW;M





..NB@


..NB@






























M.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=
M.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[=NW:

























MUUQS#3KGH(









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

..NB@@PXZ

































-0*Y=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=














..JRT




..NB@


..NB@_X














.








MBA6T5K*@M9(%K94L:*UD06LEUHK6=!:R8+62A:T5K*@M9(%K94L:*UD06LE
MUHK6=!:R8+62A:T5K*@M9(%K94L:*UD06LEUHK_UG06LFUDH6M%:RH+62
M!:V5+&BM9$%K)0M:*UG06LFUDH6M%:RH+62!:V5+&BM9$%K)0M:*UG06LF
MUDH6M%:RH+62!:V5+&BM9$%K)0M:*UG06LFUHHLT+0BS2MR`)-*[)`TXHL
MT+0BS2MR`)-*[)`TXHLT+0BS2MR`)-*[)`TXHLT+0BS2MR`)-*[)`TXHL
MT+0BS2MR`)-*[)`TXHLT+0BS2MR`)-*[)`TXHLT+0BS2MR`)-*[)`TXHL




@UIAQB











M+*VT



M+*VT



M+*VT



M+*VT



M+*VT



M+*VT
DO_*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32
MRBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32
MRBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32
MRBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32
MRBRMM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW





-0*Y=NW;MVK5KZ%BM6'&-%39L
MUP)A`V#EVB%35JZQF3EVC5TZ%A9Z89N'*M`X[Y=N\;*2J!2@=`%E?NVK5K
MUP(%G0M$M6@0)=NQ8HT+5KUZY9L7*-E14KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K







MBNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#"BNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#"BNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#
MBNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#"BNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#"BNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#
MBNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#"BNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#"BNLL,(**ZRPP@HKK+#

MP)4KUU@)$#@RK5K5ZX($"`U;5KB`0($#HVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5L`*X%8L7*


















M`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M6JMKUZY=NW;MVK5KU]Q$B!`@``6+%JQ$B`%2L!`E@)

ML\(*`*R`SC777#
+-%;















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



M@(


MH%







MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQSS377
















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[


















MKEU#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7




















..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-













-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M











..NB@









MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N_]V
















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT%V[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NT:.G37KEV[AN[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


..NB@@PXZ













PLHLK+3
M2C2L1,-*-*P`)!JK:*RBL8K&*AJK:*RBL8K&*AJK:*RBL8K&*AJK:*RBL6H%
MK16T5JRBL8K&JA6T5M!:L8K&*AJK5M!:06O%*AJK:*Q:06L%K16K:*RBL6H%
MK16T5JRBL8K&JA6T5M!:L8K&*AJK5M!:06O%_RH:JVBL6D%K!:T5JVBLHK%J
M!:T5M%:LHK&*QJH5M%:L6K&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*
MQBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBL6K%J!:T5M%;06D%K
M!:T5M%;06D%K!:T5M%;06D%K!:T5M%;06D%K!:T5M%;06D%KU8I5*VBMH+5B
M%4U6-%:LHLFUHH5M%G06K&*)BL:JU;09D%KQ4HTLD3#2BO0S`)-*ZQ$(TLT
MK+0S2S0M,)*-+)$PTHKT,P32NL1-+-*RT`LTLT+32C2R1
-**]#
`DTK
MK$0C2S2LM`+-+-TPO]*-+)$PTHKT,P32NL1-+-*RT`LTLT+32C2R1
-*
M*]#



@LKL[#2BBRMR-(**[.P











-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K






M5JRTPDK_*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTP@HKK;#2
MBNLM,)**ZRPT@HKK;#2BNLM
(**ZVPT@HKK+32BNLL-(**ZVPPDHKK+3
MBNML-(**ZRTPDHKK+#2BNML
)**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLM,)**ZRPT@HKK;#
M2BNLM
(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*_RNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRP
MT@HKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT

MH(



MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M













MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
M_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUJQNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K





MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-737KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[):G7MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQSS377

MH(

















..NB@@PXZ









M#3KGH(











MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:





MS377H(


























M0X?NVKEKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=





























MUUQSS3777'





MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH














M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU]!=NW;MVK5KUZY=






















.







MS377H(






MP0HK@5B!#CKHH(






M7;MV_^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7










4UJPB#395
ML&-#%!4`8`5UUS#BA6L7!/(-H$$$L@*K5C#0A4``&#%-598P0HKV`P@A6L
M%*%%0!@8T4I``!@!0```!`(.=A@@PTXZ*`C#C;8C$
..H%@`X`5V%QSS377







MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU_^N7;MV





**``*P(O^(

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK%:L




.

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




M*^0((

$**]R4PPTWZ+!B
MA16L6


M2CG7?!








MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7







M@``"``*P((
`U@@@@P#577!&((`*PP







M:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
























-*]A@@TT@UUQSS377














MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
M&BMTUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQSS377



















M[?_:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=JU;7KEV[




















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=














MSC777(



MT@HTK4#3BO1L!(-*ZU`TPHTK;`2#2O1L-(*-*U`TPHKT;`2#2NM0-,*-*VP
M$@TKT;#2C2M0-
**]&P$@TKK4#3C2ML!(-*]&PT@HTK4#3BO1L!(-*ZU`
MTPHTK;`2#2O1L-(*-*U`TPHKT;`2#2NM0-













PLHLK
SRBRL
MS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,S"D!F
ML9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QF
ML9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QF
ML9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:QF
M_[&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL
M9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL
M9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFL
M9K&:Q6H6JUFL9K&:Q6H6JUFLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
S
MRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,S
MRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRO\LK


MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#_T@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNM




MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

.















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5K


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



















-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-W;5KZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MK+0R2RNMS-)**[.TTLHLK;32RBRMM-)**ZVTT@HKK;32RBRLM-)**[*TTDHK
MLK322BNRM-)**[*TTDHKLK32RBRLM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[0R2RNMS-)**[.TTLHL

M*ZVTPDHKLK32BNML#)+*ZRTPDHKL[#2BNMM)+*ZRTT@HKL[#22BNLM)+
M*ZVPT@HKL[32BNLM#(+*ZVPTDHKLK32BNML#(+*_^MM
)**[*TT@HKK;`R
M2RNLM
)**[.PT@HKK;0B2RNLM-(**[.PTDHKK+0B2RNML-(**[.TPDHKK+0R
MRNML-)**[*TPDHKK;`RRNMM
)**[*TT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`R
MRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`R

..NB@@\XU









MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M







..NB@


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=N[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M7/7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[











MH(









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7






























MS3777'
-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/.












MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;-








M#CKHH(


MH(


MKEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73H

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OH














MUUQSS37HH(


MUUQSS3777



..NB@@PXZZ%QSS3777'/-


-*ZP(((`@K`@B@``L(`



-.NB@

..NB@


.*``*P(@@++%P!$`%7


MKEV[=NW:M6OHT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#9TV``%;7KIW_NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0X?NVK5K
MU]!=NW:%E:!KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUV9!8S'KVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K














MH(



MC&NL!`A@94J`@%G7KEP)A.Y*(!;7!`@0=.V*E2NL!`A@U4J``$'7KEV[=DT`
MJU;76`@0P.H:BRNQET)=$V0``$LKEV[=NT:_SITUZX($'#E&@L6`@)=NW9%
M4!65UQS#3K7L*```((8LTU`EPA@`!7

M=NW:K&L3'D)).#:M6LLKER[QDI`*U:!)AKQ4H`*T&!KER[QDH`*U;7KEV[




M7























MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





M.JP($


TUUPC`


-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M











..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH7'/-



M@#7


MBL7#

1*@(!6UZY=$V3EVC4!K**Q

..NB@

M$H@`UUQS#0M77'



















MHO6KG79(^#:M6LLKER[QDH`*U;7`@D0(#0M6O7K@@0((#5M6O7KEV[%D@`
MJU;7KEV[=HV5``$`@D0$.@:*U8!%V[=BT0Q;76`D0(.B:E?\K+*X%B1`
M0*!`UU@)$#HFB!6`EA=8\5`M6UZY=NR9`@``!`JZP8G7MVI4K`@2P8G6-
M%0L6`E@)B2`Q94K`E@)$!#HVI4K5JX)B1`P)4KK*Y=NW:-E8!KUUBQ$!`


















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=FU6JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ$[APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H









MUUQSS376M

MH(
..O_HH(



..NB@


MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW:M5:MKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=J_]6UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=NT:
MNFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:














N7;MV



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T%V[AN[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTUUUQSS377








MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M+*VT

M*ZW




M+*W


DLKL[32RBRSM-+*++.TTLHL
ML[32RBRSM-+*++.TTLHLLK32RBRSM-**++.TTLHLL[3RBRSM,+*++.TPLHL
ML[3RBRSM-+*++.TTLHLL[32RBRSM-+*++.TTLHLL[32RBRSM-**+*VP
@LK


M+*W(
HLLL[`RBRRSR-**++/(
@LKL\@RBRRMR#*+++.P
HLLL\C2BBRSR#(+
M*[/(


+*+*VP

M*ZRT
@LKK;0B2RNML#)+*ZRT
@LKK;0B2RNMM)+*ZVP,DLKK;`R2RNLM#)+
M*ZRT,DLKK+0R2RNLM#)+*ZVP,DLKK+0RRO_K;0B2RNML#)+*ZRT
@LKK;0B
M2RNML#)+*ZW
TDHKL[322BNSM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;32
M2BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;32
M2BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;32
M2BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;32
M2BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;32
M2BNMM-)**ZW
TDHK_ZW


..NB@

MVK5KUZY=NW:-%;IKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0_^'











-.NB@@PXZU[1R







MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M6BM6Z*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=






..NB@













M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G2LKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[







..NB@@PXZ



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7










.










MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[=NW:


























..NB@



MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K














M7(




MM6O7KJ%#APX=NFNMKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZA


MT%V[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[AN[:M6O7KJ&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

MH(








M[=JU:__7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[









MS3777'




N
























MS3777(



H










*``((PHH``K02`LM
M7
.*``*P$L@
4


MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

((`IUUQS#2LL










MH!8LKK$2(*!5HO_5JX%$B`%2L!`JZQN'+EFBD!`JZQ8'7MFA565P*QN'8-



@U5UQQ!2L'`-*P((P`H+



M=FT/BVO76+`0((!5(!8LT+$2(.!:ERM7K@5JP0*=*0$KK$(Q.H:*P$6+$0

M@5QQS37GH(/.-:P(P















M7;MV_^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O76%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:U:
MKEV[UF7/%6L!+!B)4``JVM7KNQA)4#`M6O7KEUC(4```$L6%R[=NU:(!;7



#*




M32L
#*-8*P(@`B`@@@@``







M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M7/7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:













M#CKHH(







MF'.%``+
P
HUUP1RQ3777'

N!+IV[=JU:ZP$;AV[1HK`:Q:L;(B0

M76LE0


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK56T*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KT%H)8'7MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
M@01=N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K







.

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









MUUQSS377H(








MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KK&Z=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_


















M:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHSJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:















.










MUZY=NW;MVK5KK:Q=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




@<TTKUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQS









..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377





MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KZ%BUNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






..NB@@PXZ


















-.NB@@PXZUUQS#3KHH(

M#CK77'
-.NB@@PXZUUQS#3KHH(

-.NB@@PXZUUQS#3KHH(

-.NB@@PXZUUQS
M#3KHH(




-*
M-*RT`DTKT+32C2L1,-**ZVP$@TKK;#2BO1L-(**ZVP$@TKK;#2BO1L-(*
M*ZVP$@TKK;#2BO1L-(**ZVP$@TKK;#2BO1L-(**ZVP$@TKK;#2BO1L-(*
M*ZVP$@TKK;#2BO1L-(**ZVP_Q(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2BNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2
MBNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2BNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2BNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2
MBNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2BNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2BNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2
MBNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2BNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2BNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2
MBNML!(-*ZVPT@HKT;#2BNML!(-*ZVPT@HTK;#2BNMM`)-*ZS
$@TKK;#2
MC2S0-,*-*U8TPHTK4#3BNM0-
**ZVPT@HKK4#3BNML-(**ZU`TPHKK;#2
MBNM0/_3BNML-(**ZU`TPHKK;#2BNM0-
**ZVPT@HKK4#3BNML-(**ZU`
MTPHKK;#2BNM0-
**ZVPT@HKK4#3BNML-(**ZU`TPHKK;#2BNM0-
**ZVP
MT@HKK4#3D!8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8
MM6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8
MM6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8
MM6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BE4K:*U8M6+5BM6U5K):06O%JA6T5JS_HK&*QBH:JVBL
MHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBL
MHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBL
MHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBL1,-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1,-*
M-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1,-*-*Q$PTHTK,SRC6ML#)+*]T`DTKT+1B32O0S,)*
M-*RT`LTLK$3#2BO0S,)*-*RT`LTLK$3#2BO0S,)*-+*T`LTLK$0C2S2LS`)-
M*]:TPLHUK$0C2RO0S`)-*[)$P\HU_ZRT8DTKT,S2C2R1

M#CKHH(

@LKL[`R
MRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P

@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P,@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
M
@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P,@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
M,@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P,@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
M
@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P,@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
M,@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P,@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P
M
@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P,@LKU[`RRNSL'(-*[.P







M



+*]'(




/_RBRL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK`D%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J
M%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J
M%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J_Q6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%
MJA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6HU
MBU4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5
MBE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5
MBE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK?^PT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPTHHLK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZW_
ML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNM
ML-**+*VPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(


MUUQSS3777

MNW;MW+5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=N]:*U;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX:.5:MKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=














M_UV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=JVBLKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

.

.




MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:











MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:M%:MKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW9M%JMK







MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW8-':M6UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



-.NB@@PXZUUQSS377






MUUQSS3777


















MS377`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NT:.E;16%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K








MM6O73*T``.#:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





M#CKHH(



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[UHI5JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KK%:
M`0#`M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O77'/-






























-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC56@5:LN';MVK4]AZY=
M8Q7HVC565JY!NW8-2@P`5@(%NG;MD*E`UV9!D[$J4*!KLZRL0'?MVK5KUZY=



M7(



MKEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MLJ*QNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K














M#CKHH(


MS0K88(



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:




































-*[.P@LXU

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

















MM6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:NG/HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O76LFZ=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUS















..NB@



PLHL


PLHLK
SRBRLS-**+*W,PLHL
MK,SRBRLS
+*+*W(TLHLK
S2BBRMR-**+*W(TLHLK
S2BBRMR-+*+*S
PLHL

+*+*S



THHL



M5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*
M5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*
M5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*5BM9K62UDM5*
M5O\K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+5
M2E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+5
M2E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+52E8K6:UDM9+5








MUUQSS377H(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ%QSS3777'/-

M-:RPT@HKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+#2BNLM,(*
M*ZVPPDHKK+#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)*
M*ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLM,(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLM
(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLM,(*
M*ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK+3BNML

)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL_[32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*


.








MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M











-.NB@

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAP[=M7/7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQS















MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3G77'/-


MS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




























)**]TPLHLT+032NR1
-*-*S
`DTKT+0B
M2S2L1
/*+-T`DTKLD3#2C2LS`)-*]T(DLTK$3#RBS0M`)-*[)$PTHTK
P
M32O0M)+-*Q$P\HLT+032NR1,-*-*S,`DTKT+0B2S2L1,/*+-T`DTKLD3#
M2C2LS`)-*]T(DLTK$3#RBS0M`)-*[)$PTHTK,P32O0M)+-*Q$P\HLT/^T
M`DTKLD3#2C2LS`)-*]T(DLTK$3#RBS0M`)-*[)$PTHTK
P32O0M)+-*Q$
MP\HLT+032NR1,-*-*S,`DTKT+0B2S2L1,/*+-T`DTKLD3#2C2LS`)-*]T
M`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*ZQ$PTHTK+032O0M,)*-*Q$
MPTHKT+032NL1
-*-*VP$@TKT;#2C2M0-,**]&P$@TKK4#3C2ML!(-*]&P
MT@HTK4#3BO1L!(-*ZU`TPHTK;`2#2O1L-(*-*U`TPHTK4#3BO1L!(-*ZU`
MTPHKK;#2C2ML-(**ZW(TDHKT+32BO0M&)-*ZS_1
/*-:RT`DTKUK32C2L
M7,-**]T8@U`6K&*QNH:JU;06EEKQ2H:JVNL6D%K9:T5JVBLKK%J!:V5M5:L
MHK&ZQJH5M%;66K&*QNH:JU;06EEKQ2H:JVNL6D%K9:T5JVBLKK%J!:V5M5:L
MHK&ZQJH5M%;66K&*QNH:JU;06EEKQ2H:JVNL6D%K)2L:JU;09K&*QJJ5M5:L
MHK&:!:T5JVBL6D%KQ2H:JU;06D%K!:T5M%;06D%K!:T5M%;06D%K!:T5JU:L
MHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:JVBL
MHK&*QBH:JVBLHK&*QBH:_ZMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMH



TDHKL[0R
MRNSL-+*+*S,PLHLK;0RRRRMM#+++*VT,LLLK;`R2RNMS,+*+*S,PLHLK+0R
MR_\LK+0RRRRMM#+++*VT,LLLK;0RRRRLM#+++*VT,HLLK;0RRRRMM+++*VT
M
LLLK;`R2RNMS
+*+*S
PLHLK+0R2RNRS#)+*[+

LLLK
PRRRRRM#+++++
MTLHLLLPR2RNRS#+++*S

LLLLK0RRRRRS-+*+++

DLKLLPRRRRLS#++++*T
M
LLLLLS2RBRRS#)+*[+


MM)+*ZW(TLHLK+0RRNSM
+*+*W(TDHKLK0RRNMS,+*+*VP,DLKLK32BBRM
MS,)**[.P,DLKK,S2BBRMM)+*[.PTLHLK
S2BNSM)+*ZW(TLHLK+0RRNS
MM,+*+*W(TDHKLK0RRNMS
+*+*VP
DLKLK32BBRMS
)**[.P
DLKK
S2BBRM


MTLHLK

..NB@

MM)+*ZVP,DLKK,S22BNSM#)+*ZW,TDHKLK32BNSL-)**[*TT@HKL[32BBRM
MM#)+*ZW
TDHKL[32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.TPDHKL[#22BNS

MM
)**ZVTPDHKK;32BNMM,)**ZVTPDHKK;32BNMM
)**ZVTPDHKK;32BNM
MM,)**ZVTPDHKK;32BNMM
)**ZVTPDHKK;3RBRMM-+*+*W,PDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+#2BNLM,(**ZVP_\)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HK
MK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HK
MK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZP`A%4K5JQ:L6+5BA6K5JQ8M6+%
MJA4K5JU8L6K%BE4K5JQ:L6+5BA6K5JQ8M6+%JA4K5JU8L6K%BE4K5JQ:L6+5
MBA6K5JQ8M6+%JA4K5JU8L6K%BE4K5JQ:L6+5BA6K5JQ8M6+%JA4K5JU8L6K%
MBE4K5JQ:L6+5BA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6+5BA6K5JQ:L6+5
MBE4K5JQ:L?]BU8H5JU:L6+5BQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%J
MQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%J
MQ:H5JU:L6K&*)JL5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%J
MQ4HKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BO_K+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+#2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLL-(**ZVPPDHKK+3"BNML-(**ZRTPDHKK+#2BNM
ML
)**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLM,)**ZRPT@HKK;#2BNLM



























..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-


.
M0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;NVK7_




























-








MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZZU8M7JVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N]:*U;5KUZY=

















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU]!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-






..NB@












M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUC
M=8T5NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUS


















M7;MV[=JU_VO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7






























MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


.


QRS3777'/-

HUUUQSS3777'.-



MU;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



MS3777-











..NB@







MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[)D`H&O7KEV[=N5*($$


..NB@@PXZ






MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KET[=^U:*U;HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:











M=.U:BT#6K@D0=.W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[














+*P+($HTL`K#2@L""``RT8HT`












MS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N_]V[=JU0*Q8K;AV[=JU
M0*4074
'`


+*
















@LK`K#2BLR"#_@`FS



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW9-@`!3UZY=NW;MRI5`I@0(N':-%2L!

`UUP@@

M@`!7,,**P((`,45K%QSS377












MH(
























MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M









.















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK5BANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



















M7;MV_^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NU:*U:MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

MKEV[=NW:M6NL6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L
M6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ:H5JU:L6K%JQ4HKK/^TPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM-(**ZVTPDHKK;32BNSM-+*+*RTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZS_M,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HK
MK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNL_[32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**[*T(DLKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM`(0
M5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K
M5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K
M5JQ:L6+5BA6K5JQ8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5O^M6+5BU8I5
M*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5
M*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5
M*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*UG16*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




..NB@_X
































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



























MUUQSS3777


M:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-737KEV[















.





MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K











MK

















MT



















.

@PXV`+!R32F(!'+-$U9@@\TXK%QSS377E!+(











(P@+Z`0BB`L7',-P((((``+%S#B@7

*

`ZT(P$HKUUQSS3777'/_






(X@`+%QS
MS34





















``*PPLHU

-*P(((
`5




M7#














MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZZQFL4*W;5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K








..NB@@PXZ









MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:





















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AHY5JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS3777'/-















































-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[-@M;JVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=






M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




















M-73HKJ%#=PT=NFOHT%U#A^X:.G37T*&[A@[=-73HKJ%#=PT=NFOHT%U#A^X:
M.G37T*&[A@[=-73HKJ%#=PT=NFOHT%U#A^X:.G37T*&[A@[=-73HKJ%#=PT=
MNFOHT%U#A^X:.G37T*&[A@[=-73HKJ%#=PT=NFOHT%U#A^X:.G37T*&[A@[=

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KU]!=0W?MVK5KUZY=0X?N&CITU]ANX8.W35TZ*ZA0W?MVK5KU]ANX8.




@<\TUUZ!SS3777'







(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLM,(**ZVPT@HK
MK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HK
MK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HK
MK;#2BNLM,(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HK
MK;#2BNLL-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNLM,(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HT
MK;`RS3_L[`2#2O1L-(*-*U`TPHKT;`2#2NM0-,*-*VP$@TKT;#2C2M0-
*
M*]&P$@TKK4#3C2ML!(-*]&PT@HTK4#3BO1L!(-*ZU`TPHTK;`2#2O1L-(*
M-*U`TPHKT;`2#2NM0-
*-*VP$@TKT;#2C2M0-,**]&P$@TKK4#3C2ML!(-
M*]&PT@HTK4#3BO1L!(-*ZU`TPHTK;`2#2O1L!(-*]&PT@HTK;`2#2NM0#-+
M*]T`LTLK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHKT+032NL1,-**]TPDHTK+032NL1,-*
M*]TPDHTK+032NL1,-**]TPDHTK+032O0M,)*-*Q$PTHK_]T`DTKK$3#
M2C2LM`)-*]TPDHTK$3#2BO0M`)-*ZQ$PTHTK+032O0M






MBBRMS

)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM

MNW;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZA8W6-U;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=







..NB@

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N]:*5:MKUZY=NW;MVK5KU_^N7;MV[=JU

N7;MV[=JU:]=<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<






MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


















..NC_H(





MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT%T[=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:





















-0*Y=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M









MUUQSS3777

-(J8H





-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/.

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K










MQ3777'
-*P!`



MS3777-




M8HK5-1.LKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=@U=*U:SKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[














PS36L````*ZQ@@PTV`+#BA6!7'

M2EV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS3777'/-




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#














M%8&NR7@BXYH5*U98`0#`ZAHV`*SVK%AQC14V`+


..NB@




MPHH

MUUQSS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH7'/_S3777'/-

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K







@







MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KJ&[=@T=JVNLKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

`*

MI
2$$A-*KK%B!47)GD#7KNW98T()*U;7K@0*=(V5$A-*6%V[QNJ*$A.!KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNX;NVK56K%I=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH7'/-















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
M-5:M9%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:



MH(


MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK%JQ

MZ*Y=NX8.W;5KU]ANW;M&CITUZY=0X?NVK5KZ-!=NW8-';IKUZZA0W?MVC5T
MZ*Y=NX8.W;5KU]ANW;M&CITUZY=0X?NVK5KZ-!=NW8-'3K77'



*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3
MC2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3
MC2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3
MC2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3
MC2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M_T#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`
MTPI`H+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:
M*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:
M*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:
M*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:
M*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:*VBMH+6U@I:
M*VBMH/^U@M8*6BMHK:U@M8*6BMHK:U@M8*6BMHK:U@M8*6BMHK:U@M8*
M6BMHK:U@M8*6BMHK:U@M8*6BMHK4#3C2MM
)**]T`DTKK$3#2C2LM`)-
M*]TPDHTK$3#2BO0M`)-*ZQ$PTHTK+032O0M,)*-*Q$PTHKT+032NL1
-*
M-*RT`DTKT+32C2L1,-**]T`DTKK$3#2C2LM`)-*]TPDHTK$3#2BO0M`)-
M*ZQ$PTHTK+032O0M
)*-*Q$PTHKT+032NL1,-*-*RT`DTKT+32C2L1
-*


..NB@@PXZZ%QS







+*+*S
MPLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHL`&$UB]4L5K-8S6(U
MB]4L5K-8S6(UB]4L5K-8S6(UB]4L5K-8S6(UB]4L5K-8S6(UB]4L5K-8S6(U
MB]4L5K-8S?]B-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB
M-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB
M-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB
M-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB
M-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB-8O5+%:S6
UB
M-8O5+%:S6
WRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
S_PLHLK
S
MRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,S
MRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
S
MRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,`LTLK,S
MRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
S
MRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,S
MRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,_\+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
MPLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,
MPLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK

..NB@

M2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK_ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**_^LM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM



















..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(




-0*Y=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=_[MV[=JU:^C0H4.'

















..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-'3IT

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
N7;MVS3777'/--==<<\TU



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(













MD&O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M







..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-








M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@[=M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=











MH(





MH(


PLHL
MK;0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.TTLHLK;0R2RNSM-+*+*VT
DLK
ML[0R2RNMS-(**[.P
DLKL[32RBRMS-+*+*VT


+_RBRMR-**
M+*VTPLHLK
S2BBRML-+*+*S
PLHLK;#2BBRMS
+*+*S

M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**]T`DTKK+32C2L1
-*
M-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#_THTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK``D
M&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J
M&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J
M&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**QBL8J&JMHK**Q:@5M
M%JM9K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%2M6K5BU8L6J%:M6K%BU8M6*%:M6K%JQ:L6J
M%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J%:M6K%JQ:L6J
M%:M6K%JQ:L6J%?^K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%
MJA6K5JQ:R6K%JA6K5JRBL6K%2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHT
MK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHT
MK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHT
MK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHT
MK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2L1
-*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2C2LS
+*+*S_H'/-

.


M+*W
TDHKL[32RBRLS

DLKLK0R2RNRM-+*
M+*VP
DLKLK3RBRRM,+*+*RT(DLKLK0B2RNR_[3RBRLS

MBRRMS#*++*W

DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*ZW




M2RNMS#)+*ZW







MS37HH(

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&JMKK&:QFL5J%K19K&:Q
MFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:Q
MFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:Q
MFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:Q
MFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JMHK*Y=




M*[.P
@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P
@LKL[`RRNSL#(+
M*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P
@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+
M*[.P
@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+_RNSL#(+*[.P
@LKL[`R
MRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P


..NB@@\XUUUQS

MS36SL#)+*[*TTHHLK;0B2RNMR-)**[.TTLHLK;0R2RNMS-)**[.TTLHLK;0R
M2RNMS-)**ZW

)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM

M2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM/_2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT

..NB@


MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(







N
M7;N&#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.BNH4-W[=JU:^C0




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!SS377H(









N77/--==<<\TUUZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(





MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK61=NW;MVK5KU]A0W?MVK5KZ-ANW;MVC5T

..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZUUQSS377H(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#








MM6OHKEV[=N[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#=^W:M6O7KEV[AN[:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
M6JMKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0X?NVK5KUZY=NW;M




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK77',-.NB@@\XUUUQSS377H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(









MH(




MUUR#SC7HH`




M.G3HT)4SAPX=.G2L6`$`L$K0-737KEEA=0W=M6O7KET[QXH5``#@K%P+!```
M@$#7KEUCQ6W;M6NL`F'#ML(*NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:








M7





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/..=V@@PXZ_^B,,PXXZ(PS#D^F?/V






M=NW:M6O7KET+M$)0H&O77'

M7

..NB@@PXZ





M7;MV[1HZ=.C07;M&KIRW0(%876




MUUR##CKHH'
-*^1\$PXKK)P32!7!-(((&P@HXYYG`3CCCAH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

M.=]@@\TWW5QC#C;H7'
--M=8X0T``+#C;87


)*



MS3777(




&*U;5`






M..*@0\XX@5QSS377H(


M..&@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





-.JS



9*@(!KUZY=



45UUQS






M6*&[A@W;M6O7KEV[QJ(*JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=HU5-%;HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5K


(UUUQSS377M

(*.JP((``K@5QQ







K!RS3776



NL1)PC=6U:_]7K@2ZQDI0








M=R70%70L!`@0((`%BVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=JT5JU;7KEV[=NW:M6O7K*U8



-.JP(((``K%QSS16!L







N


ML6*U`ALV*ZRL?




















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC59K:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=







MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK69=NW;MVK5KUUQSS3777'/-







..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





















..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ





MM6O7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KJ&[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:





MUUQSS3777'


















M#MVU_VO7T*&[A@[=M6O7KJ&#SC77H'








-*-*RT`DTKK$3#RBS0M
)*-+*T`DTKK%S#2BO0M)+
M-*RT`LTLK$3#2BO6M,)*-*S,`DTKK$0C2RO0M,+*-:RT`DTKLD3#2BO0S,)*
M-*RT8DTKK$3#RBS0M,)*-+*T`DTKK%S#2BO0M)+-*RT`LTLK$3#2BO6M
)*
M-*S
`DTKK$0C2RO0M
+*-:RT`DTKLD3#2BO0S
)*-*RT8DTKK$3#RBS0M
)*
M-+*T`DTKK%S#2BO0M)+-*RT`LTLK$3_PTHKUK32C2LS`)-*ZQ$(TLKT+3
MRC6LM`)-*[)$PTHKT,P32NL1
-**ZRT`DTKT+32C2SL!(-*[-$PTHKT+0R
MS2ML!)-*[)$PTHKT;`RS2MM`)-*[)$TPHKT;`R2S2LM`)-*[-`TPHKT;0B
M2S2LM!(-*[-`TTHKT+0B2S2ML!(-*[-$PTHKT+0RS2ML!)-*[)$PTHKT;`R
MS2MM`)-*[)$TPHKT;`R2S2LM`)-*[-`TPHKT;0B2S2LM!(-*[-`TTHKT+0B
M2S2ML!(-*[-$PTHKT+0RS2ML!)-*[)$PTHKT;`RS2MM`)-*[)$TPHKT;`R
M2S2LM`)-*[-`_],**]&T(DLTK+02#2NS0--**]T(DLTK;`2#2NS1
-**]T
M,@LTK;`232NR1,-**]&P`I!9T%JU@M9*5K16K**QFA6-52MHK69!:\4J6BM9
MT5BUBL9J%K16K:UDA6M%:MHK&9%8]4*6JM9T%JQBM9*5C16K:*QF@6M52MH
MK61%:\4J&JM9T5BU@M9J%K16K**UDA6-5:MHK&9!:]4*6BM9T5JQBL9J5C16
MK:UF@6M%:MHK61%8]4J&JM9T%JU@M9*5K16K**QFA6-52MHK&9=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITZ-A0_^'#ATZ


M*ZS
TDHKL[#2RBRMM)+*ZW,T@HKL[32RBRLM#)+*ZW(TDHKL[3RBRMM#(+
M*ZW
TDHKLK32RBRML#)+*ZW
PDHKLK3RBRLM)+*ZS
PDHKLK3RBRLM)+
M*ZS
(DLKK





@LKL[`R
MRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKU[`RRO7L#(+*[.P



+*+*RT

+*+*VP


+*+*RT
M
@M`6+62U:J5K%:L9K5B-8M5JUFL6LEJU4I6*U:S6K&:Q:K5+%:M9+5J)?^K
M%:M9K5C-8M5J%JM6LEJUDM6*U:Q6K&:Q:C6+52M9K5K):L5J5BM6LUBUFL6J
ME:Q6K62U8C6K%:M9K%K-8M5*5JM6LEJQFM6*U2Q6K6:Q:B6K52M9K5C-:L5J
M%JM6LUBUDM6JE:Q6K&:U8C6+5:M9K%K):M5*5BM6LUJQFL6JU2Q6K62U:B6K
M%:M9K5C-8M5J%JM6LEJUDM6*U:Q6K&:Q:C6+52M9K5K):L5J5BM6LUBUFL6J
ME:Q6K62U8C6K%:M9K%K-8M5*5JM6LEJQFM6*U2Q6K6:Q:B6K52M9K5C-:L5J

M#CKHH(

)**[.TTHHLK;0R2RNMS-)**[.TTLHLK;0R
M2RNMS-)**[.TTLHLK;32_\HLK;0R2RNMS-)**[.TTLHLK;0R2RNMS-)**[.T
MTLHLK;32RBRMM-+*+*VTTLHLK;32RBRMM-+*+*VTTLHLK;32RBRMM-+*+*VT
MTLHLK;32RBRMM-+*+*VTTLHLK;0R2RNMR-)**[.PTLHLK;`R2RNMR-)**[.T
MTLHLK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPO]**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**P!AU8I5*U:M6+5B
MU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5BU8I5*U:M6+5B
MQ:H5*U:M6+%BQ:H5*U:L6+5BQ8H5JU:L6+%BU8H5*U:L6K%BQ8I5*U:L6+%J
MQ8H5*U:M6+%BQ:H5*U:L6+5BQ8H5JU:L6+%BU8H5*U;_K%JQ8L6*52M6K%BQ
M:L6*%2M6K5BQ8L6J%2M6K%BU8L6*%:M6K%BQ8M6*%2M6K%JQ8L6*52M6K%BQ
M:L6*%2M6K5BQ8L6J%2M6K%BU8L6*%:M6K%BQ8M6*%2M6K%JQ8L6*52M6K%BQ
M:L6*%2M6K5BQ8L6J%2M6K%BU8L6*%:M6K%BQ8M6*%2M6K%JQ8L6*52M6K%BQ
M:L6*%2M6K5BQP@HKK;#"BNLM,(**ZRPT@HKK+#2BNLL
(**ZVPP@HKK+3
MBNLL-(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNML
(**ZRTP@HKK+#2BNLL,)**ZRPP@HKK;#
MBNLM,(**ZRPT@HKK+#2BNL_[#BNML
(**ZRTP@HKK+#2BNLL,)**ZRP
MP@HKK;#"BNLM,(**ZRPT@HKK+#2BNLL
(**ZVPP@HKK+3BNLL-(**ZRP














MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T%V[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K











.





M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6OHKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




















M7;O_=NW:-73HKEV[=@X=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




N7;MV#1TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-WS3777'/--==<<\TU



.

.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#


M#3KHH(




MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=











M_X




MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K










..NB@@\XUUUQSS377

M7'


MH(

M7'

..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ




M=NT:.G3HKJ&[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%U#AP[=N6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G37T%U#=^T:NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7T%V[=@T=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=NFO7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G37KEV[

























M=/_7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:

MUUQSS3777(



..NB@@PXZZ%QSS3777'/-







M#CKHH(









MH(

-.NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777(

M7'

-.N.






















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHSJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=LV*%58KK+6ZA@W=-6SHT*%#5PX;-FS86%V[9@6`%2M6`EFQ@HV5%2L`
MK%R[QFH%-FSAT`4*9`6`%2N!``0*=
T*```KK)%C504```#DOF$#$
@*-FS8
MRJ&[=NT:*U8K``02AZZ;E14`K%RS%@B`%2O8KEV[=HT5BRH`K+2R%L@*-FPK
MS*%#=RX0-FS_5JI8L0+`RK5KK%8`P8.W;5KUP*QL0*&S9LV


ML(+-E98P8HYV&##3:LL&*%%2NL@
XUUUQC!3966!$(*P!@@PTVK)033CCH

M7'/--2M8X0TVX@1B!0K-**%0!@LT(YXHAC!38KK
!*(-A@$P@+5EB!C177
M7(











MK



M@@02B!777&
%*RNLP
HU*ZS`CKH7'--(*L(8D4@UUQSS36K&+%-:P$8@4Z
MZ*!S32#CL%(.-^B@TPTKUUQS32#C!().((%8P8H5UUQSS36!L!(.*RNLT
HJ












M_^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




MUUQSS377K`(```!@4P4+Z`!PS378H(
..NBP$L@**_\`P$H@@8QS#2NL6!%(





(**X$$L@(VK`1B!2O77'/-


$*.MA@
M@PXK*U@1B!777


M@@XZUURS`BNLH+









+*BM6UZRP8A4(FQ4KV*Y=NX:.U0HKV*RPNA8HT+5K@0)=
MNW8-G14KV*RP8G7-BM6K%9@PV:%U;5KUU@%8A4(VXH55@*Q8H4-`(LJK0)A
MP\;JVC5T@;!A8\4J$+85*P)9816(%2LK5K`!$
0J4*!KUP()8L4*VXH55E@%
MPH9M1:!`5JRPNG;MVK5KUZQ@LV+%2B!LV%8$LA+HFCELV%A=NW;M&JLJ++!9















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






















M`Y!KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/-











..NB@



-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KU]!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU\Y=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















MUUQSS377`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-

















..NB@







MUUQSS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3G77'/-








M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[












-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#







MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7





















N7;MV[=JU:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-==<<\TUUUQS
















M7'
-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





..NB@


MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-





M=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

























-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#














MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K










..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OG
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















M.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[





















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


















..NB@











MUUQSS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



N77/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<




















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEU#=PT=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT/^A0X?NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

.


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYUUQSS3777(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.



M#3KHH(

MS3777'










..NB@

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH(

MH(




..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ























MM?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M




MNW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.'3ITZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK77'
@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@\XUUUQSS37H7(

.

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5T
MZ-A@PXZZ*##CKHH(


/*
M-5:
@PXZZ*!3#C;8C(
..NB

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#3C?=8(











MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTUUUQSS3777'/-






..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ)S3#3KHA

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@`TXYY:##CKHH(
..N=8



M8PXWXP02R`K77'/--=QL8\XYW71##CKHH%/.-^B@8PXXZ*`S#C;@@(...=Y\








M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[









-.NB(


..NB@@PXZZ*`#3CGF
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377

MH4
G#ANX;^C






M74.'[MK_M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=NFO7











..NB@@PXZ















.

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(








M_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


M\_8-7+ENY


M!6)U[=JU:ZQ8@4-';APVV&##3;C8(,--MA@@PTZZ)!##C;8D$,..NB@@PXZ
MX)1C#CG?H(,..N4PXH5K)AC3B`K8`/`(7O(PLHUUUQS#3KHH(


-.=^@@PXZV)QSSCC88(--..B@0PXY

...2@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(





MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



--N-@@PTVV&##3KHD$,.
M-MB00PXZZ*##CK?F%

-
M.NB@@PXYWJ!SCCC?8`


M#3?GH!-...2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(







MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M







MS377H&
%*^B@@PXZYG33S3G8;

-.MV0
\XVYYACSC;F8(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(







..NC_H(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=NFO7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@X=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7












MH(



M:]?0H4



M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(












..NB@@PXZ







-.NB@@PXZZ%QSS37_UUQSS377



M7'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



MUUQSS3777(








MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=




M7;MV#1TZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



..NB@@PXZ



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZUUQSS3777'
-

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT%V[=NT:NFO7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=







MS37HH(





..NB@


-.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..O_HH(



`6AU[1JK

M#CKHH(















..MV4
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M??








TX






MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N_]V[=JU







--M]X\PTV

..NB@@PXZ

M*UQSS3777&

(**U:4@PXZ
MVYQSS37@C(
--MV(_^/--]BLP

-`(%8@0TV@;1B!0L`6&%-
M*X%4`0``*YB##3;8D(

@UUUS#@#88',--MA8@8TXX5PC````
#*

%````


-*U:`@PXYWX`SSC?GH(
.



.
M.NB($PXYXGSC#3K@C#-....@@\XXXJ!SS3777'




TXXX8S#S3CC?#
..NB@@\X**YB#S3GG8'
...&(`PY`QHE#

MN[;6K1K*ZY=NW8-D!5H,DJQNK:%30NK`(%8L5*SY5KUZY=$P0H$*M`UZY=



..N&
0\XWV&##3;?H(/_#CKHH',-*U:@
M@\XU5F#33?FB!






MK`*A0V?.KIKUUA9L7+M&KAOY+!=N\8*P+5KUZX%L1J%@``UU@!`
`*````



-*U98




MH$!6`6R@@[;-?]6*ZZQNK8BD*!`UZY=NW;MVC5T5EA920.'3ITZ


..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377

















M6(W#A@W;MW/G?(




MH+

--E:T8LTUUUAA!2LKL
+*-4^PPHH5







..NB@@PXZ
















..NB@@\XU

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS377H(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/-




-




MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5TUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=











..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MUZZ=NW;MVK5SUZY=NW;M&CITUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU\ZA.W?MVK5KU\Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K











MS37HH(




MVK5KUZY=NW8-W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

M`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KJ%#A^[:M6OHKJ%#APX=NFOHT*%#AP[=-737KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#
MAPX=.G37KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KET[
MAPX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6OGT*%#

MS377H(


MV`PNG;M&CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB(
XXXZ+!B#C:E7'
-*X&@



M:__7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:





M7'/--:Q@@PTVV&##2O77(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(@CSCCH

..NB@@PXZZ%R#SC?F
MH(







..NB@@PXZ



















.
M.0!@@PTYYFS##3;=G'


M13?86%+--A@PPHK5F##0!6H(

M`C?EH./--X$`P
HJ+&##3:L7&.%%=A8`1`K*Z*M``@V[5KUZZ9Z]8-V[=S

M#CKHH(


MVK5KUZZQ6K%BA;5KUZY=NQ:(5:!KU\YA.W?MVHIKUZY=`S`+VK5`B%A9877M
















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O76%FY



@XXXX81##CCH7'/-

MQ3778#



M```KY)2S#2M6?(




M8T4@5EPC`RNL!!((.M=@P\H**US#R@HK!!((.NB@@\XUUUP3B!56G(
.*ZQ8


TUUZ##CKHH!....*@@PXZU["#2*L7!,(`-@$
MPLH**\Q2@#8L&(%.M=888455J###3GEH'/--?_7K
#*-:RLP`HZZ%QSS377





M_^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




TLU@``!3;8






M5E@!@!566





(`-A@8\4UK:P`#;86,$*
M-MA@TXTYYJ##CKHD(


'`%98844@Z*!C!3:LL'(-


.







N7;MV[1HZ=.BNH;MV[=HUUUQSS37G7'/--==<<\TU













..NB@

-














MS3777'




M#CKHH(










MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M













MUUP#D&O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=























M:]?.7;MV[=JU:]=880

M-72RK%R[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS377






























..NB@@PXZUUQSS3777`
-












-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


B`YH5


#*

%-@``P(4IK*R`#BNLK'#--:P$@@T+@01B!0`KK
#*
M-598`8`5UUQSS36L7+









TUW01






.*%:RP


-*X$$



(UUUQSS377



M`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=




-%#)`


M!

M!')-(%98`8`5K+!BQ36LF



`U




(*ZP$LLHUUUR#S3777'.-%56P@DX@


`@)45*P```






MU_\$8H45UZ!CA16`L

5E6O7KE@)
M%*C4-42EK*`+%,C*M6O7KEV[ABZ0E4!`EV[=NW:JD!KEV[=LT*JUG65K`*
M%,C*M4!`EV[=NT:@&O75KZ=NT:NA4K6%V[=NW:M6O7KF&[=FT%JVO7K`@
M@.W:M6O7KK$*%(B5GFN(6%VQMF+%M6O7KET#(.L:MFO7KEV[MF(%JVM6K)0*

--JRP@@TV@5QSS36E`/$#NP$D@@

TUK*R`#39/L
(**RM@\X0
K%QSS36L`'#--:4`@`TV






























-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M










..NB@@PXZUUQS














MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M










MUUQSS3777(





MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTU



































-0*Y=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=








..NB@









MM6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M










MH(



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=N6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS377


















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




















M7;MV[=JU:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7














MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M














MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG/7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQSS377














N7;MV[=K_M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[


















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7












-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















MH(


MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


















































MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTU








MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVO^U




















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






-










M7;MV[=K_M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:



































MUP#DVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K






..NB@@PXZ










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









.

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K












MS3777(





MKEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



































MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS377








..NB@@PXZ


+*+*W
(DLKK;`R2RNLS-(*
M*[.T

M+*S

T@I`6K5J-:M5JU:S
M6+5J):L5JU:S6+5J-:L5JU:S6K5B_S6K5:M6LEJU:C6+5:M6LUJQ:C6K52M6
MLUJU:B6K5:M6LUBU:C6K%:M6LUJU8C6K5:M6LEJU:C6+5:M6LUJQ:C6K52M6
MLUJU:B6K5:M6LUBU:C6K%:M6LUJU8C6K5:M6LEJU:C6+5:M6LUJQ:C6K52M6
MLUJU:B6K5:M6LUBU:C6K%:M6LUJU8C6K5:M6LEJU:C6+5:M6LUJQ:C6K52M6
MLUJU:B6K5:M6LUBU:C6K%:M6LUJU8C6K5:M6LEJU:C6+5:M6LUJQ:C6K52M6
MLUJU:B6K5:M6LEJU:B6K5:M6LEJU:B6K5:M6LEJU:B6K5:M6LEJU:B6K5:M6
MLEJU:B6K5?^K5K*TTDHKLK322BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHK
ML[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHK
ML[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHK
ML[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHK
ML[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHK
ML[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-(**[.TPDHKL[#22BNRM-+_BNSM,)*
M*[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)*
M*[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)*
M*[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)*
M*[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM
)**[.PTDHKLK32BNSM,)*
M*[.PTDHKLK32BNSM

M#CKHH(


DLKL[32
MRBRSM#)+*[.T

M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*_RNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2O\KK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP
MT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVP




MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6NR6EV[=NW:

M#CKHH(
































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MAPX=.G3HT*%#AP[=N6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC59K:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KLUI=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















M:__7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O76LW_NG;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[



















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7













MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK5A=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUV:UNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



-*ZP(@
@UUUQS#3K7M!*(``((T
4UT5QSS3777'/-














MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[):G7MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;-


M#CKHH(






































ML1(@B-6U*RU8H&















-0*Y=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZU:G7MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

(5


MM6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


+*





**`(*P$H@`K%QS330







PP,(UK`@@`O1



TLK

E0(`0`($`HD0



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




















-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M








)**[.PTLHLK+0RRNMS,)**[.PTLHLK+0RRL`:36+5:M9
MK%K-8M5J%JM6LUBUFL6JU2Q6K6:Q:C6+5:M9K%K-8M5J%JM6LUBUFL6JU2Q6
MK6:Q:C6+5:M9K%K-8M5J%JM6LUBUFL6JU2Q6K6:Q:C6+5:M9K%K-:L5J5JM6
MLEJUFL6JU:Q6K&:U:B6K5:M9K%K-:L5J5JM6LEJUFL6JU:Q6K&:U:B6K5:M9
MK%K-:L5J5JM6LEJUFM6JU:Q6K6:U:M6JU:Q6K5JU:C6K5:M6K5K-:M6J5:M9
MK5K-:M5J5JM6LUJUFM6JU:Q6K6:U:C6K5:M9K5K-:M5J5JM6_[-:M9K5JM6L
M5JUFM6HUJU6K6:U:S6HUJ]6L5K-:M9K5:E:K6:UFM6HUJ]6L5K-:S6K5:E:K
M6:UFM9K5JM6L5K-:S=+*+*VT
DLKL[0R2RNSM-+*+*W

M*[.T

DLKL[0R2RNSM-+*+*W

M*[.T

M+*VTTHHLK;32BBRMM-**+*VTTHHLK;32BBRMM-**+*VTTHHLK;32BBRMM#)+
M*ZW
TDHKL[322BNSM-)**ZW
TDHKK?^T

M2BNMM#)+*ZVTTLHLK;322BNSM-)**ZW
TDHKK;0R2RNMM#)+*ZRTTDHKK+32

M#CKHH(
..NC_H(












MJVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=JT5*W37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:


M7(
























.






-0*Y=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K













MS3777'

M#CKHH(



MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M










MS3777'


-.NB@@\XUUUQS




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=












MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K





























M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NT:.G3HSEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M5:LT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M7'












M7;MV[=JU:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7









..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M_QTZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'









.



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*#SC4`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ-ANW;MVK5KUZY=

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M#CKHH(
._SKHH(




MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5TZ-A0X?_#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC7H




..NB@@PXZ

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
A<@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NT:.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-737KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3G
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XU
MUUQSS3777'


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-W[MHU=.C07;MV

MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


MUUR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


.



MS3777'



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZ_^B@@\XUUUR##CK77'/-

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.

.


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

MSC777(




MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


..NB@@_\--NB@@PXZZ&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)C3
M33?AD(,..NB@@PXZY`````#8`+!..&
@PXZZ*`S#CGCH(

..NB48PXZZ*#SCCDC(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


M#3KHH(/_#CKCD'

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PTZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ(PS#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK77'/--58`

..NA@@PTZZ``$W;5KK%:L`!`CFJQKZ-!=NW;M
MVK5KUZZA0X?NVK5KZ```8&7EVK5#U_9P874-'3ITZ-!=NW8-'3ITZ-!=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KLEI=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KK5BANW;MVK5KUZY=NU;N&SITZ/^X@4.'KIPW=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

M#CKHH(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS37HH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NA\0PXYZ*##CK@D(

M@PTVV&##3;DH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






..N.

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MNW9M!0!LV````
#JVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITZ-ANW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-W;5KUZZA
M0X?NVK5KZ-A0X?NVK5KZ-!APX8.'3ITZ%BM6`'`BM6U]A0X?NVK5KUZY=

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUJQ0G?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



..NB@







..NB@@TXWX:##CK@B(,._SKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB`0PXYZ*##CK?
MD(
..NB@\PTXX*!SSCG=D(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NA@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@\PTXXI2##CKHH(
..NB@PPHK5EQS32!
MC(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ(A##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KJ%#APX=NFO7

MZ-A0X?NVK5KU]APX8-'3ITZ)BS`BNL7'


MC#



..NB@@PXZ
MZ'Q##CGHH(
..N0@PXZZ)R##3;GH(,..N6@@PXZZ*##CKH?(
--N)TX\TW
MV'B#SCGD8(

--N20TTTWV(R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

\XXXY##3;8@(,..@!!APZ=MV_D5KZ=BT0

MMV[8MHT;APW;.7/HT(TC-ZZ;MV[8OIT[9PX;-FSCSGWSAHU;N7+DNF'#AJT;



'--((%@XPTVV*##CKHB,..NB@<PTKK%P3#;8
M`
`**ZS$````V+!R32!`&`%``P`@XXX&`3B!6!L
(*-O_88&
%.M=8L0(`
M5EB!CA788(






XXX


+*

.

.*+M$$X,5K*!SS36LK'-+*Q8P0HK
M5J!##CG@@!....B@@PXZV)R##3;EF(

MUUQSS377H/

/--N=@@PXZ
MYV!S3C?=H(
..NB
XPTZZ)##33CB?(/.-^,@PXZZ*S33GEG./-..-@@\XY


.



XXXZ%QSS3508`



MD4.'#ATZ=.C0?2-'#ATZ=.C`D4.'#MVY;MW0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O_=N6[=



(UT:RPPC56!
**.=B48PXYWX03CCCHB#....&``PXZ
MWXPSCCCDH(
..NB




8X45UUQSS3777







MR@HK7`

@**YQ#
M#C;8H(



.

M#C;88(
--N9\XPTVW9AC#CKHD`
...B@\PTXK%B!SC6L6

M33?GC(

M#O\YW:##CKHB#/...B@@PTVYV##CKG8'-.-]V@@PXZZ(0S#CKHH(--..*
M@XXXXHR##CKHG(
-.NB@
PXYXV#SCGG8',.-MB@@\XYUUQSS377!,(**ZQ@
M@PTVV&##@#87



%``!$$P@K@;#B#3KH@..-..&
@TXXXHP#SCCBG/--
M((&LP



PXZX8`S#CKAB`


B@@PXYX'R#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC6LL++'-=<$$D@@Z(@3SCB!L!((.NB@@\XVY:#
M#CK=L/_"CKH6&%%(M<8TXYV)QS3C?FF&

..MV8

M8LHU5@02N!L#*.-^B@@PXZZ*##CKAB
..NB8L\TVYYC#S3:!6''--8$$

\XT5UUQS#3KD@(
..N&

..N@$
M$D@@Z%S#RC4KG&...2NP$@
4K*!SS36!K'#--:98P0HK5IS_

MH

9Y
NW`I6K*RP


;JVHI`K*R@8Q5H#ZL5*ZZ1





.-MB


.*%8&P@@TKXYR##CKHG/
--MA@\\TYXH@S#CKFF-
--M]X


M\PTVV&`##CKDD-
-.NB@@\XYW&P#3C?EF(-.-^68
PXVV&#SS3GHH(
..NB@
M@\XYW72##CKHH(.....
@PXZWGR##3?FE(
..-A@0PXZV&#SCC_V&#S#3;H
MH#,.-MA@\\TXX'R##CKHH(,..MUT0PXZZ*#SC6L1


..N&0
\XXV)1C#CKH
MC#/..-V48PXZW9A3CCG88(.-..=\\PTVW)1C#CG@H(...-U@`X`5K%S#BA78
M6&$%*ZQ8`0XZI@`S0I6!!((*]B,,PXXV&#C3CF8(
--MV88PXZZ*`#$''B

*QNH;.BCET


PPHH5U[#A?7L!((-M]@
M@XTY5EQSS0J!6!$(*ZP`````5EQSC16L7%

M7&
%*ZR@@\TYYH##3;8A$..%5:@PXH55K"32L7(
..NB8XPTVV&#SS3GA
MA#
..N:8TPTVWGAS#CG88-/--N68TTTWV&`##CKDD-
-.NB@@\XWV&##3;A
MA`,.-MA@@TTXYYSC#3;88!,..N20TPTZZ*#_\XYVW#S33?EE(-.-^64
PXV
MV&#CS3GHH(
..NB@@XXYW72##CKHH(-....
@\XYWGB#S3;EE(/.-]A@4PXZ
MV&#SCC88.,--NB@,PXVV&#CS3C?@(,..NB@@PXZW71##CKHH(,..N648P4Z
MUP022#HA/...,$PDH@V&#C3?GH'





M&S9OYYRS#3CHH(/..=YX@\TVY92#3CC88.

--N=@@PTZZ%QSS3777'.-%:S_





MZ%QSS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@TTTYZ*##CKEE!
.




..NB@@\XU










..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!S

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(


.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
<<\TUUUQS
M_PTZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@









MSC777(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH7'
-.NB@@PXZUUQSS37HH'
-.NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ``$'3IT

N74-W#1TZ



..NB@@\XUUUQS

MS377H




..NB0

..NB@

MH(
..NA\4XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCG
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,PXYXZ##CKHH(
..MZ4@PXZXV!CCCGH










MH(



MUUQS#3KHH(


..NB@@PXZZ(!C3CGHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_H
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKG
M8(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M7(
..NB@@PXZZ*`3#CGDH(

..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ)!##CCHH(



MT%V[=NU:H$#HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KJ&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3?RIE#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG'C



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M8(,-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SC6L!!((*U:@@PXZZ*##CKH
MB!




..N=@@PXZZ*!C3CG@H(

-.NB0(TXX
MZ%QS#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ%QSS377H(







M*RL`K%AA%8C5N&N!6`6Z=NW:-2O8NEFYQJI;-VQ6SK$*9`4`@!6!L&'#QFJ/
M%596L&$[9&7%-F[BL&'K=N[:M6N!`@6Z%DB/%5;8L&'[=@X;-G3GL&&[=NW:
MM4!6L`%8P8I5.6S8L&%CM8(5*W166(T;!P```%;7KEV[9@5*C!7FMF'#%@[=

M'#9LZ

..N.
@PTVY)!#3C?88#
.-]A@T\TX

--MYX


..MB

TXYVY`3L```!`

-
M-N*@@PXZZ&##3;DC(,--MBPPLHA5@`0"L`6`$``(&L@`T`Y@2#38`!'(-
M.NB@
\XXV&#333?G8----]B(@PXZXF#CS3?8H'/--=?(8H45V'QCSCGBC(
.
M.N*0$XXXW6!CCCGHH!...-A@




B@@TXXX8PC3B!L`(`_ROGK'-+-&L<,TUUUP3PSBL7+-
&$,TXXX(#SC?CC!..

M-^-8804ZY7CS#?\ZZ*#3C?GC#/.-^B0P\HVZ*##CK=E$/..=N``XXXZ(@3
M3CCA@`
..MR

\XYV(PS#C?GE%-.-^A@@\TYW)ACCCCAH(
..N9LPXTYW(03
MCCCAC#
.*X$$$@@K*[!R32#@H(
..N@$$H@IK*RPPC6!6`%....@@XXXX(PS
MSC?GH(

--^1@4XXYY6!CCCG;G%







MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



(**^:$PPTVV(Q3S@HKL&+%-:P`@`TVV&##
MRC777&-%-*R@@PTVV&#S3CDD!,.-MA@8PXVZ*##CCEE(

MCCCCC(.....
`TXYZ*`SSCCHH(/..=A@@\XYV&!##CCHH$
....0
PXZY90#
M3CG88(

M#CKCC#


M$PTVZ`3@#88(

-...
0TX@K`02N!7'













.-]L$

...68
M@\XYYK`2#?88#.....,@XXXXXP#3CGHH#/...B@@\XYV&#SCG88$/.-^B@

M6!%((.B@@PXVX'QC#CKCC#



MS0HK5NC
?0
7;APZ=.'(A1

?0
G

M#CKCC/

@2

M7&-%(..`@PXYY'R##CKH7


M6('....`$XXXXJ`32!!




_^....
@XXXXXP3CCCHH//-..B@@PXZ
MV&!S3CG88$
...B@`Q!RX









.-N64
M\XTYWX`SCC?HH!-(#*R88@4Z5NQA!2OAA(
.-N:8L\TYYIC#C3G==%
..MUT


(*`-A@$P@KK%AQ#2OC@(







MH%

MB(
..NB@@XXXXF!SCCCB8(/....




MV&#C16LL,+*MAT8P4KXV##2O77(,..=A@@\TWZ)!##C;=K+`*U8`@
TU
MUUQS#3;G8(/--;
`@


MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HSF$#P.K:M6O7T*%#=^W:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T%V[=NW:-73HKEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:
M_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZQ8K7BVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-.NB

..NB@@PXZ



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#..-^B@$T@@UUQSS3777'/-

..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/-


MUUQSS377G(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZUUR##CK77'/-

..NB


.





M#CKH7`


MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-737KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=JT5*W37KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7





.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZUUQSS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGD?(
..NB@@PXZZ)R#33C@H(
..NB@@_\..NB@


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-WSALV


..NB@@PXZZ%QS
MS3777'


MS377H(

M#3KHH(




M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


A<<\TUUUR##CKHH'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777',-.NB@@PXZZ*#










-.NB@

MH(

M7'









MPTHKUV!SS3777'







MAUQSS3777'





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB





@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MUUQS#3KHH(


..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



-






MV(@3SC?8C#
.*U:PPHH5V/]@@PTYYF##0``L,**%0`$$@@K*P`33C7!!((


.
M.N9T@PTVV(QSSCG=8/
-..B
@PTVV)1CCCG=8&.%%:P$LH(5V+#38K6
$*




-``!$PPH`





MCC?EB!
...ATT\TXYF#C3GD6&'%-5:P0LXVYY`SSC?H7'/--8`(LLHU+%R#
MS@JLH(/.-ZRLL((UK&##3KHH(-...*@@XXXX(@3#CCH@`/...*(



M-]Z@$X@5











G


/--
M.3&8<L@U@5@1R#G;L!+(-=BL(H@5UUQSS3777'/--==<<PTVU[!0!2M6L((








``%Q8@4X@``!P


MRC:!6









..NB@0\XWX*`3N!H&

--MB@XPTKYUQSS377

XX55EQSC2FLK'#-(:98P0H75K!B!3K7L&(%*^-8@4X@@0#DRBI!




7#EP@=.C07;MV[=HU;*Q8L5K!*E`V
M=.?






-.NB@
XXWZ*`#CC?AA,..N&$(\XVYYQCSC;AA
..H$$
M$D@@@;!RS0JLE&
.-^:PPD4@UT1C12!0Q







)*(*RLL
(UUUQSS377
M7'


M6J!5UZY9_P%@Q8J5:^BN7;
BBU4@4]?0L;*#8`565LL+J&#1LZ5BNL7+MV

%*(-B@



M?





--MY\@\XX


TU
MUUQSC2F'L
(*`*;$8`4`V+!BRC77G'
-.-FPPLH*`
1@!2M6L
+*-8&0
\XU


M@+!@!2O75&%%_RNLK+`0`#$B;KVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MFJQ6UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

M^X8-&[9PY+Z!.S=N7!TWUBQ@0`&S9OK`!@NR8+`+9K5@!@NW;MVO\U;-=6
M6


MK
`**ZQ@



%*ZR8`@`K







MUUQSS3777'







.



-.JRP$L@UUUQSS377`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#M\(*JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:
MM6O7T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HKEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-
MW;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M









@@PXZUUQS
MS3777(






M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*&[A@[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G37KEV[

M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CK7H',-.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(































..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377






MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC59K:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=








..==@@PTZ


-.NB
PTH@








.


-
M.NB
PTH@UUR##CKHH(









-

..NB@@\XUUUR##CKH7'--

/*
















BR



MS3777'
-*]A@@PTVK+`2BG7H-.(-A@@PTK@02#0#CL/\2B!4KK+!(```
ML



M
0!8L6(%@)5`@;`%BB9K!38K

8\4UZ)3C32!6''-MR




MM6O76`4*A
T**UFFK%R[QLH*JT!6T)4K9^7:M6O7KEV[QLK*N6O7KIV[=@T=
M.G3H`K%BQ6K%-5:!]@0Z9.J:%5.'5ER[9HX;.FS8T&&[=NW:-5;7L
FR$N.:

M-:RP8L4AI@1R_PTVV)BSC3GGF+



MSC566
&*%=&P$@@KK+!B!2M6?(

















M$0@KUUP3M6!

MG&






(*.JSL




)*%2RP@@X+5;!RS377



MZ)QSC16LL((.*U98$4@@Z%P3M66

@2NL1&-%(*R



MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<8TTKUUQSS3777'/--==<




M6




#*-==8L0H+




MD!4KZ%BM6$+V[5KUP@NW;M6J!`@:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M




MH






#%/^L6



$*

MNW:-%39LV`*QLK(@!59T0(%NG8M4*!KK*Q@LV(ED!56K`X!
3*RC4K5KM
M8,7J&K9KUU@!8,4*&S8K*U@%A3HVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;-BJEK
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-6S86%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M












M[=HU=.BN7;MVS0JV%2M87;MV[=JU:__7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O77'/-


















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUKQ0K=M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

MUUQSS377H




.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'
-.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M_SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MM6O7KEU#=^W:-737KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
MNFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[UHH5NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*#SC7HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=LTUUUQSS3777'


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!SS3777(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@`Q!T
MZ/_0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

.

.




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M^W8.7;ERV

MV&##3;FA(,--MA@PXTYYJ##CKHH(
..NB@
\XVVZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XXXY`S#CGCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ(R##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD#,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH8(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*!3CCGFE/,-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZV&##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYY)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYYA#SCG88(
.
M.NB@@PXVZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXZ!S
M#CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ(`#
M3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N.,,PXZZ*#3C?EH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHG',.-NB@@PXZZ&##3KHH(

MZ



--N.@@PXZYGB##3;8C(
..N9\@PTVV(R##CKHH(
.



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXXXPSSCCCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB

PXZZ*##CKHH#/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CK88(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_\XYY)##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZYYQ#SCG88(
..NB@@PXVZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKCG'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK=E&,..NB@@PXZZ*`#D&O7KED)QH0
M*U;HK@4*=.C:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:M%2MTUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;-
M6JMKUZY=NW;MVC777'/--8$$LD(@Z*!SC16!H(
..N,(\XYW:##CKG;
.-

.`.,0TXXZ*##CKHD#
.


-.NB@@PXVZ%QS
M#3HK7&
..NA\X\TXZ(03#C?BH(
..NA\`TXYZ)S333?HH(



...B@8TXYX*`3
M3CC@H(


..NB(0PXYZ*`S#CCAH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*S#3?;E(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCDC(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGG=(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ(PS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ&##CKHH(
..NB@$PXYY*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(






(*_Q3HH(



..MZ4
M0PXZZ*#CC?EH(,..NB(,XXX@03RC6!D


..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZY7@SSCCAH/...*@@PXZZ)2##CKH
ME`/.-^B@4TXYX)R##3;GH(



..MR80TXYWHP33CCHH(
--NB
$TXXZ)BS#3?GA$

MH-...&8@\TYYJ##CKHD//-...$@XXXX72##3?;F-/-...@X\TXXZ#CCGF
M=(/--]Z,,\XXXY##3;8@$-.-]U@@XTYY9`##CKHD/



--MB08PXWVV#3S3GGD(
--MB`
M@\XWX(R#S3GGH(
-*^:`@PTWVYAC3C?=8./-..2@@PXZZ'33#3;8@$/.-MR@
M4\XVW)R#SCGF8-
--MB
@PXVV)R#33?=8,..NB$@XTWWV##C;GG(---]A@




ML
(*%^BPP@HVV`3RS3G88(
--MB$(PXZW6##3;8?`,..N%@@PTVV&#S36!
M!
+*NBLL`(K5K!#C;88(
--N:

XXXXW33C3G=H'
-.JR`$\@UUUQSS37H


-.N.`\PTZWY!3#CKH


MYG!SSCGCB(
..NB(X\TWV(R##CKHB/.--]B
@PXZZ*##CK@D',..MB@$XXX
MY*##CKHH(
..NB4`\XWZ*!3CCG?G----^B@@PXZZ'1SSCG8F----^0`Y!LY






!/...*@\\TXXZ##CKH
M=#

M8(
@PTHKUUQSS377




--MB`\PTZ




M#ATZ=.C

7


M#1NV;N;





TXWY)AC#C;E

..MZ44PXVZ*##CKF8(,-.N&00TXYX)!#SC;G
MC`,...&(@PXZWXB##CKHH(,--N=@4TXYY6##CKHH(
..NB@P\TVYHCS#3CH
M?#/...,0PXYW:##CKH8&...=UP4PXYW*##CKHC`/.-^9P@PXZW9##CKH


..NB@@PXZ



YU0X?.7#=SY]!U
M

W+APZ*][`


M80LG#AVZ;^#*H3O7K1LZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0E?.&#ATZ=.3(F?M&CAPZ=.C0

G;IPX=.C0

MA(/.-^&($\XYW&R##3;88$
..MC_8(
..M]X4\XWY)2#CCCDD(
..NB@@XXX

..N6`\PTZZ*#SCCCF&-..-Q@@\TX
MXXPS3C?EH(,.-NB84TXWZ*##CK=F%
..MA@@PTVV(PS#C;HC#
..-A@@PTZ
MXI!#CCG?D$
...B0\PTXW92##CKCA(
..NB@@PTVYV##CKG8(,..NB@0PXY
MX6##3;E_X1#SCCHB#


.
M.N%@@PTVY)QSS377!/*--]B`$XXXXZ!C3CG=D`/.-^B

--MA@0\XWWF#3C3GF8(
..NB

\XWX/^4(TXXX803
MN!8(
--MA@\XTYY:`SSCCCH(
..NAT8PXZZ(@S3CCBB

M=.C0H1-'CAPZ=.BN7;/BE4@`*S&L;+BE4@=.C07;L6B%6@:ZS.8?-V[=HU


WCM6U:X$0K$BM6U





.
M-N20@PXZZ*`S#C;CC(...-A@(PXYX(##CKDD`,..MA@@PXZXXP#SC;HH(-.
M..20@PXZZ*#3CCDD(/..=R48PXZZ*##CKHD$/.-^B@@PXYX(03SCCHB!/.
M..AX\PTVXZ##CKH@!....AX\\TXXXPS#CKHH(
.-^-PP\TYY'CCC3G=H(/.

..NB@@\XXWJ##CG;B!/...B@@PXZYG##S3GF;,/-
M..2``XXXYWCSC3CCD#..-^6@@PXVZ)1C3C?HH(,..MV48PXZVY13#O\ZZ*#

..NB@@PTVYV#
M#CKG8(,..NB@@PTVY93#S3;EB#/...B$,\XXYV##3;FH(
..NB(@PTVXXB#
M#3;CC/.--^B`XXTWZ(B##3;AH(

M#3;HF(

MR[5`X0(%A0('3ITZ-A

QA

MVK5KUZY=NW;M6BM6Z*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

M[=JU:]?0!0ITS3777&

-.NB@@TXWW8S3#3;88(
-


-.NB





M#CKGG(.-..B@@XXXV&##3;88$....20@PXZY'33C3G8G',..NA\`\XXZ*#
MSCG8@`/...B$(\XXZ)`S#C;FH(


.-MA\\\TYZ*#_@\XYWV##3?FA/...B@
M@PXZZ(PS#C;8D$/....

PXVW(`33CCCC#-.-^6@@PXVZ)1C3C?HH(
..MV8
M4PXZYFS##3;=F&
.-N=TTPTVX&S#C3GC8(.-.=^00PXXZ)`##CCF=(
--M^(

Z=PW;NFQ4`5JQ8N7;MVC777'/-





--N.
@\XWV&##3;==+,-.NB@@XXXXH133C?88(--..B@
M4TXWV&#33CHH(
..M^`
PXZZ*!S#C;GF$








M#3;8D$

.-^&@@PXZZ)AS


MH(


MH(
..NB@@PXZWX!C#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

MG'
.-N6@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3BL&$SAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3DOH%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#C33?G
MG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3#C;CC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..N=@@TTXZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)SSC178K





MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MUUQSS3777(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

-




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'[MJU


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH8(
-.NB@@PXZ
MUUQSS37H6&'_!2OHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CG8F(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHC#/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NAX$TXXZ*##CKHH----^6@@PXZZ'QC3CGEF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG$
.

M#CKHH(

..NA@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC?@E(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)CS#3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
MSCCCC'

..NB@@XXYYGB#
M#3;8D(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@



MZU8.'3ITZ






M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXK@:!S


MS37H7(
..NB($P@KY(`##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH!-..-R(@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYFR##3;GH(,..NB@TTTWYO^@@PXZZ*##CKBD(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHD-...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF+

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M_SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NA@@\XUUUQS
MS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXXXI##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M`PXVX&S#S3;AC#
.-MATT\TXV'33S3CCF&-.-]A\XXTYXG33#3;;F&
..NB8



M8$4W``!RQ34LL++*-5:P$@@ZK``#3;D=-/--MB00PXZX&##S3;FH(,..NB@
M@PTVY7##CKG8./--]B
LPW_-]B8@PXZWV##S3;FA----]B
0\XXYW2##3;@
MH/
-.-A@`PXXY'2##3;8D(
..NB@@PXZXX@33CCCH----]UPTTTWW6#S#3CH
M@%-..=A@PPHYW6##2B#88(


M'+=MW

M&S9LYLJ!^P8.6SAQW73#S3;@8(

.-MA@
M@XTYY733#3;8?(

M$L@UK&!CSCCB@+

/--N-@@TTWZ`1B!2M6

!
M$\XYV(Q#SCC88(,-.=AXXPTVXJ##CKHC#/..-A@@\TXW&#33?GH(,..N5X
M\PTZZ*#3CGHD$

--N:0TTTWW&PCCCC8='
..N-@



M8-...B(@PTVV(R##CKHH./--^:@,\XXV&#333?C?(,..N1P4PXVV&#C3GE
MD#/....

..NB@@\XYYG2##38`

LPTZZ'PS#CKH
MG-
--MA@







MSITKA^W:M6O76%@)=


\XYVYA3#CKH
MH(

MH(


4%QSS377!!+(..-P
XXWWXR#C3GF=


MXX3#33GE8&


0





M*U;H5K!B!0!=.'#8L)%CQ2H0*U8```#`AHW5BNL6&'#A@T;-FRLK*!#AP[;
MM6O7KJVHPNI:H$"K`$`P,H;.NB@@XXXX9!#SC?@H$,..-^0@PTVV&##3KH
MH(/.-]A@@PTVXH1S#C;HH%
...B@
XXXXXR##3;88(--...0@\XXXXP#3CGH
MH(
..N.
`PXVV&!#SC?HH$
...B@@PXZY92##3;88(/-.=UT4PXZW713#CKA
MB#
...68$PXYY+!B!3JL_UP3R`H``


MZ)A3#CCGB!/.-]B`\\TYW:##C;D@`,..NA\`PXYV*#SCG8H(
..NA\`TXY
MW9A3#CK=E&
..NB@@\XXWV##3;CC#,..NB@@PXVZ*##CKAC$
..NA@@PTY

-.NB@@PXYY&##3KHC#/..-B@@XXY
MX/^@@\XXXI#S#3CHC#/...A\0PXYV&##3;8D(


\XXW92##CKF?-....@$XXXXZ##CKH='/.

--MB(@PXZZ)R##3;HH$
.

.




M@+!B!2OE7&/%-:P`@`XZZ*`SCA56L&+%-:RLP




M+-&PLH(YV&#SCG88(,..NB@$\XXZ*#3CCDC(

M.=B@@PXZZ(#SC3G=E&
..MV84PXZZ)A3#C?GC$
.-N-\XPTZXX0##C?EG(-.
M-^1XXPTZY&S##3G?H(/..-Z@@XXXWZ##CKHC
.-N.
(P[_-N2

\XXY(0#
MSCG8H(/..=B@@PXZZ(Q#SCCDA`
..NB@@TXXXJ##CKH;,/-..B84PXWY7S


N7;MV[=JU:^A8M7+--==<<\TU




TU@0#`BA6!G$

\XWWY0#SCGG;'




PXZZ*#
M3CCBC$,...@0\XWX(SS#3KHH(

.-NB@4PXXZ*`S
MCCCCC/
-.NB@@XXXXXR#SCCCC!....B@$\XXW&QSSCC88#
...B@0PXXZ*#
M#CKBB#,..NB@$PXYW73#CI6K

MN!!'(-`*S(LL(UK%RSC3G88(...=A@@PXZZ*`CSCCHH(-....
@PXZZ*##


MS3GF;
.-.=B@@XXYV*##CKH?`-..=V8_U,..MV84PXZZ)1CSC;GC#,.-N-X
M\PTZXX03SC;EG'-.-^-\\PTZY&S##3G@H(/..-^@@\XXX*##CKHB#
.-N.
M(PXVXP!D'+EQY

MZ


[?MW+AQV


1LGKMNX<^BZE0/WS=RV

/--=BLL`(Z@0``P#CB8(/-








M@\XXXV!C#CKHH(/...-@0\XWWZ!##CC?H/
--MA@$PXZZ*`S#CCHH(
..MYX
M0PXVZ*!3SC?HH#-...B@\PTVV&`C3CCCC(/....

M





8TXWV&#CS3GAA#
..N&$
PXZZ*#
M3C?GF(,..N*$`PXYV&!CQ0JLL&(%*ZRPL@(`*UC!RC?88(--..B@@PXZWWAC
M#CKAA(.--]]X,TXYV&#C#3KC8(/--N&`$\XXXXPSSCCC8(/--N&`$TXWW6#


MQ36L8(






..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%U#=^W:M6OHT*$[=^W:-73HT*&[


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

-.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKDD
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MA,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7T%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HQ&'#9@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@`\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6NM6*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KET[APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HKEV[=NW:
MM6O7KJ%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7K+6Z=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KIV[=NT:.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MZ)QSS3777'

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MBA777'/--8*L(L@UUUR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N3_C(
..NB@@PXZZ)`SSCCHH(
..NB@


..NB@@PTVZ&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY0`$'#ITZ-A0X?.



M';IQY


.
@@PXZZ*!33CGFH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ%QSS37H7(,..NBPP@HZZ&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@

M#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MS377H




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@





..NB@@PXZZ*`S
MSCCCH(
..NB
0\XXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*!SS37H7'
-.NB8P\HYZ&##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCGGH(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'




-.NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(-...2@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S#3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S#3K_Z%QSS3777',-.NB@
M@PXZY(0C#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZWYA3#CKHG'-.-^B(

..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE@/,-.NB@
M@TXXY)!#SC?HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH-...2@@PXZWHR##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(PSSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:






%-MA@`PXZV&#_PXVZ*##CKFG-

M8#...=^`0TXWW&S#C3C88-/-.=]8`0``K+SC77L%(.-MB

9LPPTVX:##CKHD%..-^B@@PXZY:##C;H
M8(,-.N-@@PTVY)QS#C;=8(.-..-@@TTWZ*#SCG=8(

MD----]UP(_]..-A@
\XXXWR##CKE;$/....8TTTWV'PSSCCF;(
--N&@TXTW




MD'.-%58(4@4KX[!BA36L7`$.*X&@8\4XXXSC#3KHE/--..)\@PXZZ*!S#C;8

0TXWW:##CKHH(,..MMP4PXVY)##CKC

MA#/....

..NB@@PXZY90##BLKK'`-*U8$@LXU

..N*$
PXZ
MWUC!BA7HH(
..N.


-*RL$$H@IUP02OB?`
..N2($PXZZ*##CKHH(-....($PXX
MZ'P#SCC;E%/..=R44PXZZ)QS3C?HA..-^A\`\XXVY1##CK?E$
..NB00XXX

.-^:0


M.-N4@PXZWY3333?CH(




MMI4[]\W;.&SFRJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




@PXZ

..NB($PXYY'R##CGD@(
..NB8L\TY
MYIC#C3GF8%
..NB@@PXYY(AS#C;8E%
.-MB8P\TUUK2RPC777'--.(%@@PTV

-.NB4XXTX


(\XWZ*SS3CGG(/-.-]X@PXZZ*##CKEF/
-


.


`*


.
M.NB@@TXXXX@3#CCH@`/..-R04XXYW)1C#CKHF'-._S?HB!/.-^B``\XXW)13










PXYY'@3
MCCCBH(

--N20@PTZZ*#3

.-]A@

M33?FF(


A]0X=N
MW#ATZ

G

73MPX;.C0H0-7KAPZ=.?.=4



&

M#1LV;..\=2N'#ATZ=.3`?4-';MPX=.#(D2

/*-598P0H````#3:L!'+-
M-:P$(LXUUUPCS;77'
-*X&P8@4KUUS3#3G88(
..N$$PLHUUUR#3B!6($-
M`*P$8L4UZ*##CGAH(
.-N2`\PTZZ(`##CG?H(

.


-.NB

\XXV*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



M0W?N'#9TZ-!U




'0ITS8J50(%8C4-'#EPX=.C0
MH0

MS3;HH(


-.=A@@PXZX002




.-MAX\PTYXXR#33GF
MH(




M;-W

N&S8J5<N#

..N.

HUK*R`C156L!+(...@8PXVV(R#
M#CKHC(
--]N$`XXXXHR#3CCBC%

MSC?@8(


*-BM8

.-MB
M








)*(-=8
MP4H@5F!CA14KL`(`-M=@@PXZZ%QCSCG=8&.%%:Q\8XXYV&`3#CC;E`/.-^1\


MH(
..NB
@PTYY'R##CGD?'..-]Y@@PTYY*##CKAA$,..NB@@PXZW713#CKA
MA(,--N.,@TXYV&#C#3KCC#/..=UT@XTWXXQ3#C?88-.-.=UT4PXZZ*##CG?
M@(/....

MV`1#C;HA!,.-MB,,PXYWZ##CG?E%


M9L7*-6S7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUKQ0K=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SC?CH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'

MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYYR#33GHH/^##CKGG(,-
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6OEN'$[AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KET+Q.K:-73HT%V[=NW:M6O7





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..N=@@TTXZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

MUUQSS377H(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S#3K7H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@@PXZUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0
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




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


..NB@@PXZZ%QSS37HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377H(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(


MS3777(


MUUR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XU


-

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ%QS

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZUUQSS377H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





MS3777'









M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@\XUUUQSS377

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=:\4*

MSCCHH(

M#CKHH'



.-NB@@PXZZ&##3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZY8#S#3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGD(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#333?88(,--O_8D/,-..B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGF?(





..NB@
M@PXZZ(PS#CKHH(

..N:4PTTYZ*`S3C?HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH'-.-^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZUUQS#C;HH(
..NB@



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXWYZ##CKG=-,-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZYV##CKHH(,..NB@$XXXY*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MY(2##CKHH(
..@!!A^[:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G376+':@PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.E96
M#IDZ=.W:-5G8T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=.G3H


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHA$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@TXY


..NB@@XXXY)QC#C;HH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@\XUUUQSS377
M7'/--8&P0@XZUUQSS3777'
-.M=8L0(ZUUQS#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!SS37HH'/--:Q8804ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS377



MUUQSS3777'






W#ALV;.3.8?_#U@V;N'#HT)4KAPW;N7/8O&'#





..=RP_\+-




#*

%*X%8P4H@Y'B##CKHH!/....

PXZZ*#
M#CKHH$/.-^0L\TYYYC#S3GFF







MY70S#CKH=$




...2``\XUK%@1LK7

*
M.M=8$0@KV)QS3CCBA!....B(
XXXZ*##CKHH(,..MR00PXVZ)QC#C;H6+'

6@
MTTTY`DGCAPZ=.C0B0LW;ENY<MW*H4-7#IRX<./0B1





--MA@0PXVV*!S#C;8H(

.
M-MA@@PTVV(@S#CKH@%



..NB@@\TYV&!SS3777'/-(0```$`@K+!B
MQ36LD//--8$$X@TV@5C!RA[CD#

MSC:LL!((``!@`X`5UUR#3CG88(
--MFPP@HK`)A3#CK8H(
..NB84\XWY(!C

.-MB0



MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M









..N)X@PTVX)R##3;D8%-..=A@@PTVV)2#

.-MB@@PXZZ(1#


..NB8TPTYY'R#
MSCCC8(
--MA@
PXVV&##3;8B#,..NC_?&,..NA@0PXVV&##3;8D(

M@PTZZ'1S#CKHH&-.-]V@@PTVV&#S3CC=&,..NAT8\XUUV#CCFL6
&*%8&P
M\@TZZ)!CQ37EB+
--N.

..N20(PXVV&!33C?EF&
.-NB@
M@TXWYI0#3CGBA$
..=^`@XXYXH3##3;CC
-*((&$

MH(


IU

M#CKHE%

MSC7H!

+*-5:P$@@K*ZS`33G?C/..=Z,(\XXXZ#
M#CKHH(




M`X45AZQPS3GF;'

\XXWJ`#SC??H./--]U\

%*ZR@LP(KXVQS#CKHH'
.-MB@

-.NB@
\XWWJ`#CC??
MC.
-.NB(TPTYY(#SCCC?(,..NB@,\XWWJ##CKHA#
..NB`4PXZZ&!C#C?;
MG(


..NAT4PXZZ'3#RC7H
M8(
.*ZQ8P4H@5K`#CKHE&/%-^




PXYX'R#SC?CB'/.-^($PDHXXXSS#?\Z







M4PXZW913SCC8E%





&,.-MB@8PXVV*##CKHC(


MW#5LV*Y=NW;MFA4`V+`%8F7*RC5RY*RP`H`-6Z`5*\I]&S=N'#ITZ
QA0X?.








MH




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





MH(

..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ








..NB@@PXZZ)QS#C;FH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


.

0=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
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
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(













..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*&[=NW:M6O7KJ%#1XX5@$#7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEU#APX=
M.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6OHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH'

MUUQSS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@\XUUUQS#3KHH(/..=Y@`\`*K%R#SC77H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(















M[=K_M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7T%V[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZUUQSS3777(




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCG77'


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(








..NB@







M7;MV[=JU:]?0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SS37HH(


..NB@



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ%QSS37H









..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

MH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*#SC77H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(








..NB@@PXZZ*!CSC?@
MC#
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGCG(

..NB@@XXYYY!S#C;8H(
..NB@@PXZUUQSS37G


-.NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCDKK+#-0Y=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-737KEV[




MNW;MVK5KU[!APX8-&S9LY



MH(



..N.



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXYY(AC#C;8H(
.

MKEV[=@X=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEVSPHH5.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[QHJ5E6O7T*&[=NT:JT#HT%UC%2C0M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

!]


MA$
...@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ


..NB@(PXY



.






M@'#?P+&RLL(*`O7KK'MF*%%5;7T*'#A@T;.7+8L&$#=PX=.G38L&$CAPW;



MN'/=L`$`4`I1_RDK````8

M&[9MYL:QZH8-&S96````!0(````!'(-%#%8L4(@K````NL7&
%`-A\@PXK

--MB`@\X*5G3#33CB?(.--]^$@TTX
MX)S3#3;88

MYV#32!7'

.-NB@@PXYW72S#3;DD'/.

M.-A@@TTYYG33#3967

M3C?88(/-..!@@TTXXY`S#CG88(




(.=AT
\XXXY##3;86'$-.H%8@?\-
M-MR4@PXZZ*##CKHC(


M.=A@



..-^8\XTYY6##3C@@(/.
M..*`@PXZZ%QS#2NL6('--U:P8H45*ZR`#CKHC(,--@P@@TVV%AQC156K


M#CG==


..N.



-*U:P
MP@HZ*[#BO9```*58``$`@`+EV[1HK``P86
5*)`5;(%8K0`````K5H=


(PXZXHPC#CKHD$


@XZZ)`S3B#G8(--


\XXY&S#

)*(*P$PDH@X[`2


\XWX)0#

-*ZRL
MP
HUUUC!2C?=C(-...*`@\XVW(QS#C;8G(

MLXTYYF!C3CGE8(


M@\XUUUQS#3;HH(










M#CKD?`
..MV
0PXVYZ##CKCC#,..N6`\PTYXYA33C?8?..-.=B@@PXZW91C
M3C?EH(-.-^5TT\TYX&##3;8?`
..NB00PXXZ)13#C;88(
--N4````ZK%@!
M#@``7
.*%==8804K5K#CHLL

MPLHYZ(S#2B#F8(

..N1\@PXZUV!##BM6H#/..-A@@PTVV)`C3CCHC`
..-A@
M@\XU5IPSSCCC8(


..NB$\XTWV(!##CG@7'.-.=@$

..8&P
M8@47IEB!#O\ZUU@1C150L

MH!/....
0PXXWYCSC3GEB$
..NAT
PXVV)R##CKH7'.-%2N8@TXYYGQC!2NL

)*-]V8@XXXX8R#SC?@E(
.-MB8(XXWWV!CQ36L






MA`
..MRPPLHU5HPS#CK7L

M7

*.E:PPLHXX(PSCC?HH(
..N1\@PXZY'!SCCFL6!$(*^@0\XXWJ##CKH




7*!`Z=.C0










+*-2RPPLH*
1XPPHK
M5J`SSCC?H(




00TXXY(`##CKD
M?`,..MB@@PXZZ(0CCCCH7,,**RNP0@XKV`1BA177B-.--^2`<\TU5@2#CKH

L
M8'/--:P`P`HKT0!PS378H&.%%:P$PLHXZ'PSCCC76!%(((&P$@@K5ES#BLK

=T8\XVW*!S#3KH?!/(-=%8$4@@








-


PXVV'CCC3G8=-


MJVM56+%BA6W%BNLKEV[5@X;MG'DL&$#8.7:M6OH6+$$`@;MFO7L&%#%P@;
M-FQ6KEV[ABX0JT!66+&Z9H45*_]6V




--MB0@PXZ


/-
M.(&P$@@K@5QSC3GG8(


M.NB
@\T**W`12!!'(-*ZQT@\T**[#2B#CE(/-..-@@PXKYF##3CA;'
.
M-]M\


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M5:LT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3HRG';
M=@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3FL*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[









M#CKHH(

M7;MV[1HZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#AP[=M6O7
MKIV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6NM6*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O66EV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3HRF$;-PX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HSF%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@_X
.

..NB@@PXZZ*!#SC?HH(/.

..NB@@PXZZ*!S#3K77'/-


.

MS377H(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS377H'





M#CKHH(








M_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OGT*%#AP[=N6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OH6+6Z=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:



..NB@@PXZZ)2#
MS3CCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)R##3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


M#CKHH$





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@

-.NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(

M7'


MH(







M#3KHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@








M7(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MUZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MUUQSS3777'
-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!SS3777'


..NB@


._SKHH(











Y=NW;M

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!SS37HH%/.-^@@PXZZ*!SS3777(

M7'

MG(

MH(



MUZ!SS3777




.



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[






MU[!R#3KHH'


..NB@@PXZUUR#SC777(/.


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6OHKEV[AN[:M6O7


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M5EQSS3GHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC777(
..N@$$@@K


.
M.NB@@PXVV)R##CKHH(

MSC777'


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#





M.=Q@@TTWYZ!SS3776&$%-BNPPDH@5F#C3GHH(-.-]UPL\TXV&##3GG8(--
M-]B

PXYW6#S3CC8(,--N288PXWV'33S3GF;,,--N*@@TXWW0`C16L```
M%:Q@@PTVV+#"B#8!!)((.-@@\TYZ&#C3G?_V##3?FH(,..NA\`PXVV(!C
MQ36K8(,--JP`@`TVK`!RQ3568(/--N:PPLH*`&##3GHH(

M#BOGG(

M#3;8L'+--=A8@0T`@5@!``#AH(
..M=P`P```+`R#CE68(

MB!77H


.*]AL8X45K%RSP@H`!((..E:LL`(ZUUP3


M$P@``%@1B!568+
*]&P`@`VV&##@```







.*%:P$P@HZUUQS


..NB@@TXWXYAC
M#C?FG&
.-^9@@PTYYVS##?\YVZ!SCCG;G&/..=N0

B@@\XUZ%QSS36(6
$*.2O


MKEV[=NT:NG'?P*%#APZ=.'+DR*VX=NW:M6N!3'$)Q
7*-7#CQHWS=NW:-73H











MH(

MH(

..N8``

--NBLP`HKZ%C!BO7
M7!-((*R@`Y!KUZZANW8-&SILV,QM.W?NV@I9K`P8L4*P+45_U;.H4-W[=JU

2*%@0('0B1,7!VZ











M@03RC7H`(-...@@PXZZ*#3C?EF%,.-MA@@PTVY&##3KH=-
-0



``````*L$74
7

`6R


.*%58$



M?`
.-MA@`XX5@;!RS36!L((..MB0@PTVV&##3;D8(,..N=@@PXZ*UQSS377
ME!.(%=%8@0TVW9ASS3777!-((-Y@`\XWZ*##CKBD$

M!

\XXYWR##396L$(.*X$`@`T`K%B!#CKH7


..NA@\PTY


MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUJQ








..M=@@PXZ


*

$**]Z4@\XU5K#CK7L+('


-


MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZU8H7NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY9:W7MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVC56`+!A8\4J$*MQ`%:LL!+(2B!LV`(%8H4-&S8KK*Y=NW;-BA4`
M*UB9S0.'3ITZ-AZU8.';IQV+!A^V8.&[9NV

PXVV&#C33GE
M8(--_S?=F%
.-]M@TXTYYG3#RC775-&*%8%@
PXVV&P3#CCAG
/--^!\8\XY

-*^.
@\XYV&##BO88(,.*RNL`$`5
MK5ASS3777,,*-@``4`4KUZ##3K88(
..=A@@XT5K%P#`#JL7(/--2NL8
4U


%


..E8`@`TV@5QSS37H@`
.-N*



-.E9@@PTVX9QSCC?88

M.-A@8X45K&!SS3778(

--MB



MVK5KUZZA8]7JVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



'*

.

-*
M(*L`P(H55EQC!3;8K








+*-5:PPLHU
;#BO88(.-

..NB@@PXZZ*!C
M#C;8H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ%QS


N7;MV[=JU:]?0








..NB@

..NB@

MS3777(



..NB@









MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC777'/--=?_H`
0=.C0H4.'








-.NB@









..NB@@\XU



-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZU8H7NVK5KUZY=




M7'
-.NB@@\XUZ%R##CKHH(

M7(







MH(




.


MM6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KZ-ANW8-'3ITZ-ANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZV*##CK77(
..M^$$PXZ

+*.5:84PXZ



.


-






M=@T=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HKEV[=NW:-73HKEV[=NW:-7.!6+&R
M@N[:M6OHKEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3ES)E#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ&[






-*

..NB@@PXZZ)AS#C;H7'/-







..NB@@PXZUUP3
MB!7@H


..NB@@PXZZ%QS




M#CKHG'







M0PXY`+EV[1HZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#MVU:U98M;IV[=HU*]=66&&%_PX=
M.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O75K$*=.T:NG&!KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT%V[=NW:


MM6O7T*%#A^[:M6O7T*%#=^W:M7/7KEV[=@[=M6O7KEU#=^W:M6OHT*%#A^[:






..NB@@PXZUUQS









@$P@V5;`0B!4`
MK+`*ZRLL`(VX:##CKHF'


M[1LX=.#
L0(`P-0A*P!
N7;O&ZAJK0*PL0ITS0HV;/_?S@4*9`7`BA7CL&'#







'*.```P`HKUV!S#2M68(
--N0$@@T`
9ARBF!6($-`M$

M`






ME2LGCAPY5BNN7;N&#EV@0(&N/9&!#EPY5MS(G4-GA14V;.7


M@\XWY92##CJLL((--MA@TPTKK)BRPC56!!+(-8$$$D@@@00RPLL`((*U98








$**X&88H45UUQSS356!((..E:P@@TVZ)R##3;H
MB

**X%8@0XZY7ASS3771`


5


%*X&P$LXU
MK`!PS3777&
%0
BQDK653DKUZY=NV;*A=35JY=NW8-&P!6U]!=NW;MVK5S








M
PXKK%AQ332R_P2R`@``!'*-#$^@8P4KK&!SS37H!!((-MB@8PXVV%QSS377


M@#





MUUQS32!0&%%((%PL\TU@00#@``L!*-%==@@PTKV%QS#3;88(



MUT`1`RM0R
(*.N-@@PTV@;`2B!77L+('%U8``````%AQS3777!-((%9@$X@5
MLF!SS37F8'/--8$$PLTVY5QSS36F''(-.JS_!
**+%;(8H45V'!S#2M6L'(-
M.H$$`@`VUUR##3;H!!((*ZP````VV&!SS3777`

MVK5`AZY=NR8+2HQK5EBQNF:%%0!LZ

MBM65J)=NW;M&@``T;!=NW8-&[IKU]`%8A4(````K`(=,G4M4!6K``$8F7E






P@@TVV&#S2S76

MV%QSS2&L6($.*U:`
PXVV&##3;77(/..0``@`XZZ%S#BN!L!((*X&P8@4`

--N.
@P[_.JRP$L@UUUQSS36LL&+%
M-3%`P0HZY;`2LKK

M-:RP$@@```#`C;HH(..%:S$8`4KZ`````#88(.-*0!@@PTVV+#RC77C
-*
M(.8``
`UU[!RBG77'--((&L8$4@@:RPPC6L6&$%-MBPP@H7UV`#`O87'
-




MNW8M6J!`5@!8V7

MBA:#%;IK@0(!P':-%0``Z`*Q8A4(``!LV+!=NW:-%0``UU@!`(`-&S9LK+!=



M84-WS377L

M.NB(

(
M*ZRLP

(*X$$$L@UUP02B!56L'+-



MRC6!!



M6%V[QO\J4*!`@:Y9L1(H$*M#UP*Q.A3(U+5KUZZQ8A7HVHH5K*ZM6
'JVK5K
M5@)=NV:%E14KK&2M6

M5JY9L6)%%K9KU\QANW:-%;85*ZY=NW;-E!5TZ`(%8L4J$+IKUZX%.A3(2J!K
MUZRPPH;M&BMLV*X%8A6(E95KUZY=NW;MVC4`V*[)6K'BVK5KUZYA8\7*RC4N

M-58``$`@UUQSS34KL

%*ZR@@\XUK`!P
MS3777'



D`C



M$M6LJQ@LV+E4*!`IJX%F3J$#96K*Y=8\4*6Z!`@;!A\3JVK5KUZ#$``#`
MRC56IK!!6;&%116K*Y9`8`-6Z!K5EB!C1566'&-%=A@@PTKUUQS#2O88(--

M-JRP`@`V@5BQPC566`%`(*P$$D@@UUP3_T@@K+S3966












..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C_T*%#
MAP[=-737KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:N6O7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
MA@X=.G3HT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=@T=.G37T%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[


MS3776




#*-2NL
MP










M7'/--2NLP




=<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<
M<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUR#SC777'/--==<
M<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<
M<\TUUUS_<PTZZ*##CKHH'/--==<<\TUUUQSS377G(





















-.NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/-

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M












MS377H

..NB@




MNW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVC5TUZY=LX+N&CITUZZA0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=















M`+!B944&@$```%@!$C0-2L``*R(%BA0H&N!`EE!=^W:-2O8L%FQ$DV6%6Q6
MK%QC)0,*``L6%FS`@`E6N!`EG!QHJ5%6P``!:)6C5M6O7KEV[QJJ5%6Q6
MK%B3\43&BFO7KET+!```@%5ZN@`(5
6*%6S_5MA8[4`(!PY[:M6!'HVK5K
MB*RL`#(BA4`5JY=V0%&P`KLJRL\+8BVC4KV*Q8N18(&S9LX]!=8P4`*ZS`

MR@HK7&



MP





M!
(**USLP4H
UURS`BLKK








-*ZP$`@``







@UUUQC32`KK`#`




MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















#*-5T`$@@ZZ%QSS3777

*`*P$8L4UUP#D


3E6K08V*Q8N;8T!4NK$RQ`@`BY5K@5@%NA:(5:!`@:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















MU[!ANQ8-`+9K5@``P!;HVC56`%@%0G?MVK5K5@``L&+E&BLK``!@8V7*RI5K

MUZY=NQ8(&S9L@JY=6V'%BM6UZP8L5J!0``5E@!`'#MVK5KUUA9N7(MFA4K
MV+Q,A6(!0!L5J+%@,+J6C195@``P,;*@``V`)=NV8%``!L@;!BQ177L&*%
M%:P`8


**RL`8
4*T5QSS36`+#

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M5:LT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6NR6EV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[

























MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M




















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU_^N















MS377H



MK-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6NM9%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KT%I=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



















M[=JU:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M_]JU


















M`Y!KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUUJQ0G?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZRUNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/-














M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















M7;MV[?_:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



































MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZU8H7N
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[_7;MV



















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:




















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


















M7'
-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M[=K_M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[9JT5NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[



















MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7






















..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZK;"#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..JVP
M@@XZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




M#CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT/^A

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..N@`
M!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=_SIT

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4/_
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@CX
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

$!`

#`P-#0T.#@X/#P\/___P``````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````








MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

M#CKHH(

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
















MKEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.'3ITUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=.W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&KIKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;NVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZA0X?NW+5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=_[MV[=JU


MH(






..NB@@PXZ






-









..N@`!!TZ=.C0

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3H
MT*%#AP[=N6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:N6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7






















M=NW:M6O7T%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HH(



MSCGHH(











MN7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=





M7;MV#1TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8





..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(












MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU]ANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.W;5KU]ANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX;NVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&KIKUZY=NW;MVK5K














M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=















M#CKHH(


















MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG/7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#A^[:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT%V[






MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H









MH(











ZANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS377
































M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M7/HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[



M#CKHH(



..NB@





























MG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH(







MUZY=NW;MVK5SZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

.

MVK5KUZZA0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

..NB@@PXZZ%QSS3777'/-












..NB@




..NB@@\XUUUQS












M[1HK08&N70L4_^C*-73HT%V[=NT:.G3HT%U#=^W:M6O7KJ%#%^@*JVO7KEV[






..NB@


M7(...(%8@0X``+!R#3KHH(


M7'









M@6!SS377H

*`-A@LP(KK%RS`@#86'$-*[*L`(`55EP3314R8&

M``#`@``8-,-.NB@PPH````0`````#`MN8@PXXX``$VS9SK*Y=8Q4(``!$
MK*Q@V\:-%3EL`%9885'%H`5*[@`D/%D%BML``LB,;JVK56UJP````%2L`










TUUUQSS16L7









%F

F[MHU*PL6,'&
M*A`K;.P80/`@``5M=B0`%@A14K5@LR`!@Y=HU*P``8`MT[=HUUUQSS377







M@00BR!777'



+-:P((,`U`EQSS16ML((



MS3777'
-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVK56T%I=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



M`+`2O8L









MS16LL*`(*RPPL(5K`@2B#77!





-*ZVP@LXU


MJP$$@@`V&##3:!``!`--?$8$4@UV#S2&L```.:Q8$0
``+#RC777'--
M(P`@$T

M%:Q@@PXZY&##2B``7'/--=BP$@@KV)R##3;FF(
-`*P`P$H@Z`0``S`
#_







.







M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[









..NB@


M7(
--JRP`@``K%AAA1776&&%%:P`P`HKL@``#2O77!

455XQS








M7'



-`*RPP@HV



M;-=66





N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS377














-0*Y=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0W?MVK5K



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=





MS3777'


M#CKHH(








MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K











..NB@



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:












@LKUUQSS377

MUUQSS3GHH(















..NB@


MH(


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[



















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7





















M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


































MS3777'
-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K









MS3777'







MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;-












MH(

M7;MV[=K_M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUK!:W5M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEUK):O5M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5K

















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[)JL5JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:














N7;MV




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTUUUQSS377






*-*U`TPHT
MK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHT
MK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHT
MK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK;#2BO1M,)**]TPDHT
MK+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTK
M_]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-
M*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-
M*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-
M*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-
M*]T`DTKT+032O0M`)-*]T`DTKT+032NL1




MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(

M*[.P
DLKLK0RRNSM)+*[)$(TLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+
M*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+
M*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+
M*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(O]+*[*T(DLKLD0C
M2RNRM&)-*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B
M2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B
M2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM(+0%K):B6KE:Q6
MLEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6
MLEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6
MLEK):B6KE:Q6LEK):B6KE:Q6LEK_R6HEJY6L5K):R6HEJY6L5K):R6HE*YJL
M5M9:L8HFJY6U5JRBR6IEK16K:+):66O%*IJL5M9:L8HFJY6U5JRBR6IEK16K
M:+):66O%*IJL5M9:L8HFJY6U5JRBR6IEK16K:+):66O%*IJL5M9:L8HFJY6U
M5JRBR6IEK16K:+):66O%*IJL5M9:L8HFJY6U5JRBR6IEK16K:+):66O%*IJL
M5M9:L8HFJY6U5JQ$(TLKUK32C2RM&)-*ZQ$(TLKUK32C2RM&)-*ZQ$(TLK
MUK32C2RM&)-*ZQ$(TLKUK32C2RM&)-*ZQ$(TLKUK32C2RM&)-*ZQ$(TLK
MUK32C2R_[1B32NL1-+*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+
M*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+
M*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+
M*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+*]:TPDHTLK1B32NL1-+


)**ZRPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2

M*ZVPT@HKL[#2BNML#(+*ZVPT@HKL[#2BNML#(+*ZVPT@HKL[#2BNML#(+
M*ZVPT@HKL[#2BNML#(+*ZVPT@HKL[#2BNML#(+*ZVPT@HKL[#2BNML#(+
M*ZVPT@HKL[#2BNML#(+*ZVPT@HKL[#2BNML#(+*ZVPT@HKL[#2O\KK;`R
MRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`R
MRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`R
MRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`R
MRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`R
MRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`R
MRNML-(**[.PT@HKK;`RRNML-(**[.PT@K_*ZVP
@LKK;#2BNSL-(**ZVP
M,@LKK;#2BNSL-(**ZVP
@LKK;#2BNSL-(**ZVP,@LKK;#2BNSL-(**ZVP
M



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=















MG(



MG(




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=NG/7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKO]=N]9*5JMKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&KIKUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

MS37HH(















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=JV5K%;7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:











MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7






..NB@@PXZ














-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

..O_HH(

MNX;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:ME:Q6















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
M_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;M6BM9K:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&JM6K-!=NW;M


MH(









MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:









.





Y=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M6BM9K:Y=NW;MVK5K





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK56LEI=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KZ

M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(





..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=







-.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

..NB@@PXZ

MKEV[=NT:NFOHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H







MH(




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/-
N7;MV
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MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZUUQSS3777'/-




.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#



-0*Y=NW;MVC56








..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MS377H(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*!SS377_Z!SS3777'
-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(








M@XTYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZUUR##CKHH(/.-:P````VUUQSS3777',-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZUUQSS377
MH(








..NB@








M7(
..NALPXTXZ(PC#C;GG'
.-N.@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC77H(

MH(

MH/^##CKDD(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


M.G3CQF%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

MNFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KET[A^X:.G3HKEV[A@X=.G%6KEW_NW;MVC5TZ*Y=NW;-



M'3ITZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)2##3;EH(
..NB@@PXZX'R##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ)RS#3?8E./--]B(@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NAT$PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8XXXX:#S#3C?
MH(

..NB@@PXZ

(**ZRP0LXU

--N644PXVYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



MA@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HKEV[


..N&``PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MWX##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)##3;FG(,--N.@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ'0C#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`3#CC?H`
...@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





.






--MA@4PXZZ*!C#C;DH(/.-N*88TXW
MV%AA!2NL8(.-.:P`@(TYZ*#SCC8H(,.-MU@@\TVYF##3;8F
.*%0!@@PTY


MV'QCQ3568(


.-MATTXTYV&##3CHB!,.-MAX\PTYV&#33CHH(
..=AP@PTV

--MC_L/(-


.

--^9TP\TVV&!3CCGHC(
--MB













-*]?$8
4*UV`#0L````*^!8T0TZ*P02B!567'.-

..MB``\XYV(PS3CC=H(-.
M-^&@@PXZY6#33GHH(/..=B,,PXYV*#SC;BF'
._S;D8(/--^B@@PXZXGP#
M#CKHH(
..=B



--^9@0PXYY&`S

..-V0@PTVYYR#
M#3;DA----^AT(TXXXF!S3CGF8#






..MA\
M`\XYV(Q#3CC=H(-.-^*@@PXZYF#C3GHH(/..=B,0PXYV*#SC;BG'
.-N1@
M@PTXZ*##CKA@/,-.NB@@PXYV(QC3CG8C(,--N*@(\XXVYPSSCC8G(,-`*S(
M@@TV@9@``#HC(
--N5@4XXY@:QPC3G8E(
..NB@`\XWW9S3C3?@@----^AT
M(TXXXW`S#CD`P69EW#ANX[!A

M

:1PU9.7#ANY;!A




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
NL1(-*^A<<\TUUUQSS3777'/-




M#3;88(/--]Z@@PXZZ)`3#C;88$
.-MB
@PX``!QBQ1Y67$


..NB@@TXXXF#3CGF8,,*``P$@TVV``
M#3;8!!*(%2NP@@TVV&#32L8#,..O_HB,,-.NB0@PTVV&#33GD8
/*-==8

..NB@T\TXY9B#C3FLE(
-.=A@

-.N.

M@TTYZ*#SCC_V*##C;CH(
.-H&PP@H`K`1B!3CHF%
.-N1@`P`KUUBQ0B#7
M8(


MUZY=0[=BW#ATV
B-0X=MW+ANV+!AP^8-'3ITY;!A*V=.G#ALV
*%(X?MW#EL



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(






M`PXVV)R#SC77!

..NB@@XXXX6!CSCCC
M8$


MH(/..==@
\XUK``0#K77',(``P4@XVV)`#3C?GH(.-.-UT(PXZZ*#3S3CF

.-N20@PXZZ*#SC;A@(,..NB@(PXVW733#3;B
M!,(*-N644PXVK+!R`#71



M%38`K`(!`&`.'3ITX[A0X=M'#ITV%BQ@3@6J!`*\Z-(X=M'#9LUZ[%L!+H
M&C9LX\H!`


M'3ITZ

:=PP8@

MS0H`V&##CKHH(-..-MP@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..MMP$TXWW'!S#CC==&
.-N20

.-N:@@PXZX'33S3G8A/.-^@
M@\XWX)QS#C;CF&

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





PXV
MV(R##C;8L
**%59@8P4VV)B#SC77G.
--MA@0PXZZ'R#33?=8&-.-]V(@PXZ
MZ*#3CCB8-,--MB00PXV`+!R#2OD8(.-%5:P$H@5*UP3#8``+'+-=@P\HU
MUX33#3KHH
.-MA@`PY`T%UC!6#%BA6!SEV[Q@H`MF[8OH%#-PX;MVW=PG7K

MQ`H;*U;7`F'#ABW0M6O15F##U@V;.58`6+$ZUPU;M_]NV

QU

M`P`@&BLK5@LD!6-%39LV+IU0W?MVC5RX[!ALV+EVC5LV+!RS3777`,.-MB,
M@PTK@:##2OCF-

.-MA\@P[_.NB0@TTWV&`#SCG88$

MC(/-BNL$(@L*ZR`33?88(,..-A@DTT@UUQC!0#FE(,..N!\`PXZX%@1"M6
M6`'`JRP@DX@``#`2B```
`**]A@@PTVY)`S#C;HH(
..N*$@PTVW&QC3C?=
M=(
--N:4@XXXV&##3CHH`,.-MA@,XXYV&!33CC88/,--N.,`\XWZ*##CKF
MF-
--MUT8PXYV&!SSCG88$...=UT@PTWY9@33C?HF&-.-]A@@XTXZ*##CKC
M8(,--]V$$\XWX*##CC?H(/..-ALP\TVXJ##CKHB
.-MB($PXZXV##3C?
M@/,-_SK@?`...=U@@PTWYH0C3C?HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ







(*]B@\PTXWYC333?8


M8-
--MB4@PXZZ(R##3KH8#
..NA@$P@KK&!SS3776($--MBPP@HVV%QSS0I6
M!'(--M@$P@H`V+#BA4K`+`*ZRP`@`VV'33#3K77'



.-NB@@PXZ

MXXSS#3CHH(
..N:8TPTVW71C#CG88'...=A@0XXYW72#S3;EE/\C3C?HF&-.
M-]A@@TTXZ*##CKC8(/--MV$`PXXWZ#SC?@H(/..-ALP\TVX:##CKHA!,.
M-MB$(PXZXV#S3?@?`
..M^`\XTYW6#S3;EB!-.-^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
A<<PTZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!S#3KHG(






MUUQSS3777'




.
M.NB@(PXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXWX'R##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[








M#3KHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H





M#CKHH(

..NB@@\XUUUQS











..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'
-.NB@





M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@\XUUUQSS377






MZ%R##CK77'








..NB@@\XUUUQSS37HH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HRF%CQ0K=M6O7







MH(



MH(

MH'/_S377H(

B@<PXZ
B@<PXZ
B@<PXZ
B@<PXZ


.

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=





..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377

MH(

..NB@@PXZ

MUUQS#3KHH(


-%WN@@\XUUUQSS3777'

MZ*!SS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/--:P`@`TZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.

.





..NB@@XXX5@1RS37HH(
..NB@@\XUUUQS#3KHH(
.



.
M.NB($X@5Z(PS#C;HH(




-.NB@@PXZZ*##CK77'/--8$````ZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYF!3CCGHH(





MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


.-MA@8\4UUX3##3;86`$`


.


*-BMPLTT@UUQS
MS3788$/..-A@@PXVXXP33C?HG`
.-MMP4PXZZ*!3#C;8`..=UT@XTWYK!R

M#;7!&)%#-@`@`TKV`#_````UUAA!38`L#+.-0LL`(V@:RPPC;8!
(%-@P
M8DXYV&#S0J!8`




M_VO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:







@PXZZ)2#


M$X
5@5QSS3777'--(```@(X5@01R#3KHH#


M`@`KUYB#32#77'/--=A@

`U`%SV7$-W

%`

/&

-&

E4.'#AVZ0%RN7;.RXMHU*U9











--MA@

.-MBP$HX5*US#A17@
MH%

MH(



'(!`K5H&P
M80

M10Q68(


04``#IT

0*&S;_=.BP86-EQ8J5:U:L!`H$@!4K
P81LW#ALV=-BP8<-V+5`@`-BP8<-V[=JU:X&L!+H&@%4@



@XVV)S#Q1Y6H&








--JR



(*`*P$@@TK

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[UDI6JVO7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


M8(

(**]BPPDH@V%AA!3:!L!((`%98P845





%



MS377`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K





















M#CKHH(








MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N]9*5JMKUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW9M%JM6UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&JMH
















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M








MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7












..NB@








MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:






























..NB@



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:




















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUS



































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUR##CKHH(
..NB@

MM
(**ZVPP@HKK;#2BNLL,)**ZRPT@HKK+#2BNLM
(**ZRTP@HKK;#BNM
ML
)**ZRPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK+3"BNML,(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNL
ML-(**ZRPT@HKK+3BNLM
(**ZVPP@HKK;#2BNLL,)**ZRPT@HKK+#2BNL
MM
(**ZRTP@HKK;#BNML
)**ZRPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK+3"BNM
ML,(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRPT@HKK+3BNLM
(**ZVPP@HKK?^PPDHK
MK+#2BNLL-(**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNLM,(**ZVPP@HKK;#2BNLL
)**ZRPT@HK
MK+#2BNLM,(**ZRTP@HKK;#"BNML,)**ZRPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HK
MK+3BNML
(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNLM,(**ZVPP@HK
MK;#2BNLL
)**ZRPT@HKK+#2BNLM,(**ZRTP@HKK;#"BNML,)**ZRPPDHK
MK+#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK+3BNML
(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRPT@HK
MK+3"BNLM,(**ZVPP@HKK;#2BNLL
)**ZS_L-(**ZRPT@HKK+3BNLM
(*
M*ZVPP@HKK;#2BNLL,)**ZRPT@HKK+#2BNLM
(*0%BQ:L6*52M6K%BU8L6J
M%2M6K%JQ8M6*%2M6K5BQ:L6*%:M6K%BU8L6*52M6K%JQ8L6J%2M6K5BQ8M6*
M%:M6K%BQ:L6*52M6K%BU8L6J%2M6K%JQ8M6*%2M6K5BQ:L6*%:M6K%BU8L6*
M52M6K%JQ8L6J%2M6K5BQ8M6*%:M6K%BQ:L6*52M6K%BU8L6J%2M6K%JQ8M6*
M%2M6K5BQ:L6*%:M6K%BU8L6*52M6K%JQ8L6J%2M6K5BQ8M6*%:M6K%BQ:L6*
M52M6K%BU8L6J%2M6_ZQ:L6+5BA4K5JU8L6K%BA6K5JQ8M6+%BE4K5JQ:L6+%
MJA4K5JU8L6+5BA6K5JQ8L6K%BE4K5JQ8M6+%JA4K5JQ:L6+5BA4K5JU8L6K%
MBA6K5JRPT@HKK+#2BNLM,(**ZRTP@HKK;#"BNML,)**ZRPPDHKK+#2BNL
ML-(**ZRTP@HKK+3BNML
(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNL
MM,(**ZVPP@HKK;#2BNLL















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O77'/-


















MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



































MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M









MH(


MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K












..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















MAPX=.G3HT*$[=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC777'/-
















..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/-



MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;_
















MA^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQSS3GHH(

..NB@

MH(





-

-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZZA0W?M
MVK5KUZY=NX;NVK5KU]!=NW;MVC5TUZY=NW;MVK5KU]!=NW8-';IKUZY=NW;M

M[AHZ=-?0H;N&#MTU=.BNH4-W#1VZ:^C074.'[AHZ=-?0H;N&#MTU=.BNH4-W

















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZQ:M6*5:M9K%JQ
MFM6*U:Q6K&:Q:C6+5:M9K%K):B6K52M9K62U8C6+U:Q6K&:QFL6JE:Q6LUBU
MDM5*5BM6LUK):L5J%JM9K%K-8C6+52M9K62U:B6KU2Q6K6:QFM6*U2Q6LUC-
M8C6+U2Q6LUC-8C6KE:Q6K62UFL6JU2Q6LUBUDM5*5JM6LEK):L5J%JM9K?]8
MS6(UBU6K6:QFL6HEJ]4L5JUDM9+5JI6L5K):L9K52E8K5K-8S6K%:A:K6:Q:
MS6(UBU4K6:UFL6HEJY6L5JUDM6(UBU4K6:U8S6+52E8K5K-8M2)+*ZS
PDHK
MLK3RBRLM)+*ZS
PDHKLK3RBRLM)+*ZS
PDHKLK3RBRLM)+*ZS
PDHK
MLK3RBRLM)+*ZS
PDHKL[#2RBRLM)+*ZW,PDHKLK32RBRLM)+*ZW
PDHK
MLK32RBRLM)+*ZW,PDHKLK32RBRLM)+*ZW
PDHKLK32RBRLM)+*ZW,PDHK
MLK32RBRLM)+*ZW



M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNLM,(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLM
(**ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLM,(*
M*ZVPPDHKK+#2BNLL-(**ZRPT@HKK+3BNLM
(**ZVPP@HKK;#2BNLL,)*
M*ZRPT@HKK+#2BNLM
(**ZRTP@HKK;#BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)*
M*ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)*
M*ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNLM
(**ZRTP@HKK+#2BNLL,(*
M*ZRTP@HKK+#2BNLL
(**ZRT_\(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#
MBNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#
MBNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#
MBNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#
MBNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#
MBNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#BNLM
(**ZRPPDHKK+#
MBNLM/_BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRP
MP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRP
MP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+0$%:L6+%BU8H5
M*U:L6+5BQ8H5*U:M6+%BQ8I5*U:L6+%BU8H5*U:L6+5BQ8H5*U:M6+%BQ8I5
M*U:L6+%BU8H5*U:L6+5BQ8H5*U:M6+%BQ8I5*U:L6+%BU8H5*U:L6+5BQ8H5
M*U:M6+%BQ8I5*U:L6+%BU8H5*U:L6+5BQ8H5*U:M6+%BQ8K_52M6K%BQ8M6*
M%2M6K%BU8L6*%2M6K5BQ8L6*52M6K%BQ8M6*%2M6K%BU8L6*%2M6K5BQ8L6*
M52M6K%BQ8M6*%2M6K%BU8L6*%2M6K5BQ8L6*52M6K%BQ8M6*%2M6K%BU8L6*
M%:MKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;M&CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQS




..NB@@PXZZ*!S












MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7








MH(












MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:











..NB@@PXZ



NH4.'





M[=JU:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[

































M_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU_^N7;MV[1HZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(




.











M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC777'/-



MS37GH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MS3777'/-_S77H(








MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K








..NB@











M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[














.
















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[_7;MV



M#ATZ=.C0H8














MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=





.






..NB@@PXZ

.



S2RBRLS-)**[+
TDHKL\C22BNSM)+*[*T
M,@LKL[`RRNSL#*++*VP
@LKL[`RRNSM)+*[.P
@LKL[0R2RNRM#)+*[.T

M
DLKK
S22BNSM)+*[*T(DLKK,SRBRLS



ML-+*+*VPTDHKK

MM#(+*ZW
TDHKL[32RBRMM-+*+*VTT@I`6LUJU6I6JU:S6K6:U:K5K%:M9K5B
MU6I6JU:L9K5J-:M5JUFM6K6:U:K5K%:M9+5J-8M5JUFL6LUBU6H6JU:S6+6:
MQ:K5+%:M9K%J-8M5JUFM6
UJQ6I6*U:S6K&:U8K5K%:M9K5J-:M5JUFM6LUB
MU6I6JU:R6K6:U:K5K%:M9K5J-:M5_ZM9K5K-:M5J5JM6LUJUFL6J5:M9K%K-
M:M5J5JM6LUJUFM6JU:Q6K6:U:C6K5:M9K5JUDM6J52M9K5JU8M6J%:M6K5JQ
M:M6*5:M6K62U:L6JU2Q6K5JQFM6*5:M6K&:U8M6J%:M9K5BU:L5J5BM6K5JU
MDM6J%:M6K6:Q:M6*5:M9K5BU:L5J5BM6K5BUDM6*52M6K62U8M6*52M9K;#2
MBNMR-(**ZVPTHHLK;#2BNMR-(**ZVPTHHLK;#2BNMR-(**ZVPTHHLK;#2
MBNMR-(**ZVPTHHLK;#2BNMR-(**ZVPTHHLK;#2BNMR-(**ZVPTHHLK;#2



ML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRM
ML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRM
ML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRM
ML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRML-(**ZW(T@HKK;#2BBRM
ML-**+*VP

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH'/.-0Y=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NU:JUFMKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[A@[=M6O7KEV[=NW:-737KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7




















.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(










M&KIKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.W;5KUZY=0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M












DLKUUQS




MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6NM9K&Z=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:

..NB@@PXZ





MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:




















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC56`@1=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW8M$*MKZ*Y=NW;MVK5KU]!=0W?MVK5KUP0)$'#MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NX;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC56UP0$0H?NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0W?M


















M7'/--2RP$

..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377





M5U@A@`L'*-`($$PH(`@JQRA0!7''--8$((H``@02SC777'
-*P((P$H@

TUUUQS#0M76'&%

XUK+#@@!77,$**P((4,XU`@AP!3J!7,'



M_VO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:










(UUK`B`NH



-

4UUUS!PC77M)`(%V8(@`K@5QSS3777.(












MM;AV[=JU:]=8L+@VBY6`0(%81!DZMH5%BVNL1(@X(H`5JRN7;MV[1H+%BRN
ML1(@()`I`0):76/!0I`@`0*NL1(@0-U*WM8M!(@@!4K`0)87+



M5ZY=NW;MVK5K@@18NW:-E0!6K%I8N7:ME0!!@:ZUL'+E&BL!`JX%$B#@VC53
MB`2PNG9-0)=KZ`()N

N0C4A94`5JRN7;MV[9H@
M`:Q870LD0,`U5JP$71$@0(`Y`8)87;O2@@4Z5@($!(D0(```0($7+EV[=HU














MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZUFM7J
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



U:XA,;!V


D



M$XT


MT

**P)T








M#`.8$((




MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M












-*RP((
`5`@02B`L



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
















M#CKHH(


















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=:S6+U;5KUZY=NW;M










MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=










..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.






MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7














M#CKHH(



M2BNSM#)+*[.T(DLKL[`R2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKL[`RRNSL#)+*[*T
@LKL[0R
MRNSM#)+*[*T,DLKL[`R2RNSM)+*[.T
DLKLK0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R
M2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R
M2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R
M2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DO_*[.T
M
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
M
DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[32RBRMS
)**ZW
TDHKL[0RRRRMM-+*+*VT
M
DLKL\S22BNMS-+*+*W
TDHKL[0R2RNSM#)+*ZW

MTDHKL[32RBRMM#)+*ZW
TLHLK;32RBRMM#)+*ZW

MS-+*+*S
TDHKL[#2RBRMS
+*+*VT

TDHKL[#2RBRM
MS
+*+*VT`I!9K%K-:C6+U:Q6K6:Q:C6KU2Q6LUJUFL6JU:Q6LUC-:M5J%JM6
MLUK-8C6K5:M9K%K-:C6+U:Q6K6:Q:C6KU:Q6LUJUFM5J5BM9K6:UFC6K5:M6
MK6:U:M6JU:Q6K5JUFM6J5:M6LUJU:M5J5JM6K5K-:M6J5:M9K5JU:C6K5:M6
MK6:U:M6JU:Q6K5JUFO_5JE6K5K-:M6K5:E:K5JU:S6K5JE6K6:U:M6HUJU6K
M5JUFM6K5JM6L5JU:M9K5JE6K5K-:M6K5:E:K5JU:S6K5JE6K6:U:M6HUJU6K
M5JUFM6K5JM6L5JU:M9K5JE6K5K-:M6K5:E:K5JU:S6K5JE6K6:U:M6HUJU6K

M2BNMM#)+*ZVT




+*+*W

M
LLLL[`RRRRSL#(+*[.PTHHLK;0R2RNMS-)**[.TTLHLK;0R2RNMS-)**[.T
MTLHLK;0R2RNMR-)**[.TPLHLK;0RRNMS-)**[*TTLHLK;`R2RNMS,)**[*T
MPLHLK+0B2RNLS,)**[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS,)**[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS,)**[*T
MPLHLK+0B2RNLS,)**[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS,)**[*T_\+*+*RT(DLKK,S2BNR
MM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S2BNRM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNR
MM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S2BNRM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S2BNR
MM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,SRBRLS
+*+*RT




M
HLLL[`RBRRSR-**++/(
@LKL\@RBRRMR#*+++.P
HLLL\C2BBRSR#(+*[/(
M





MM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNM
MM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNM
MM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNM
MM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNM
MM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTO]**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHK
MK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-)**ZVTTDHKK;322BNMM-+*+*VT
@LK

MUUQSS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


-*]&P@LXU




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[_W;MVK5K
















.

MD&O7KEV[UDI6JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

..NB@@\XU



MAPX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=HU5*U;HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[





.

-.O_HH(
..NB@
































-0*Y=NW;MVK5KU]!=NW;MVK5KUZY=


._SKHH(







M7'













..NB@@PXZUUQSS377











M*8$@4HH@AYARBE(!((*X$(LHH@JP@2RJK)((*P$@D@IB`3RB&K+(


MS3777'


MB'!(((H$($@@B@00BR&!!+((8($$H@@AP0B2"')(((($@D@@@0@2
M2"!!*((($$(D@@@0@22"!!*((($$(D@@@0@22"!!*(_R!!)((($(
M$D@@@@02B!!)((($($D@@@@02B"!!)((($($D@@@@02B!!)((($(
M$D@@@@02B"!!)((($($D@@@@02B!!)((($($D@@@@02B"!!)((($(


N7;MV
















































MUUQSS3777'

MM6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&KI`UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITUZY=NW;M

M7(









MUUQSS3777'












..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/-
















M7;MV[=JU:__7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTUUUQS

MS3777'












M`



M0-?











-0*Y=NR9`





MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK%JQ0G?MVK5KUZY=NW9-@`!$@00(
M$
*U;5``@0$C0CT+5K`DRQ8B6`E0`!`@0($
#JVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=












MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUI9:W7MVK5KUZY=NW;--0((8

MUUAA!2O77'

M*UP#S2PK!







M%]`$@D@IUUQSS34KL'+--58$8@4KK%QSS37H6






MD&O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O79+6Z=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


MUYR##CKHH(

@EQSC0L!*-`*P((``KUUQSS3777'/-

+*-==8804K*[#CK77'
-




M2!H!-(((&LP

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUUR##CKH7'




P2RQQ6!7'.-`*RPPHH`K`02


LL&)U[=JU:U98
M7;MVS4J@0*40L6)E!8`5*X'_6%FQ<HV5'BNLL*T25(75M6O7KJUBA0V`'BO7
MH*VP`L`*JVNLL*U88855H$!KEV[=JT4HE*!`EV[%JC4M6M6`*Q8P2I0H$#7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS3777'/-

-*























MH(












MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZU8M7JVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;_[=JU:^?0H4.'#ATZ
















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZ[):G7M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;M










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=:P7MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=










M#3;8C#








M$D@@`$$4*)@0X$$!3HD*%`@1($"3H42%@0X(!4(4*)@0X$$!3HD*%`@
M1($3H42%@0X(!4(4*/^0H$.!!`4Z)A0($2!`@DZ%$A0H$.`@5%B0

..MB0











MV&#C17H!,(*0+AV0%@!4``,B!^P8.G14K@:Y9P88-VSATZ*P`L+(`*MK





N7;MV[=JU:]=<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<














MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZA8]7JVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N];*VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


MUUQSS377H(




MUZ##CKH_Z##CKHH(




MS377H(









M76/5BO\5NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTUUUQS

















MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32O\KK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDK_
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BL`8=6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU
M8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU
M8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU
M8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*_U4K5JU8M6+5BE4K5JU8





..NB@@PXZ









MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K








MD&O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:

MW;5KUZY=NW;M&CITZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITZ*Y=NW;M

$%*]@`@
T*K`!B!0``7






M=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#
M=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5TUZY=









'%-5U8$8@55K!RS377M'(-`*R@
M@\XUUZ#CCG8?`,..NBPP@H`5EQSS3777(,..NB@@TXYV`!R!2L`6,,**PP

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[UHI5JVO7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=N[:M6O7













M8(


..NB@





MXHJU5MC
H;MV[9J5;MS


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(












MH(

MUUQSS3777(


..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@\XU











(*-MA@8X45
M5@2#3;8K,#*-:U8`0`KK%S#C;88(


.

..NB@@PXZZ`#D












MS3GHH(



.





















..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(

MS3777(


..NB@
M@PXZUUQSS3777(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



M@PXZUUQSS37HH(





..NB@@PXZZ*#SC777&,%-@``
M@,TUUZ##CKHH(


M7(










MKEV[=NW:M5:LKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKG




..NB@@XX5*[#C;8
MC(

..NB@@PXZUUQSS3777(/.-==8@PTK



MUUQSS377H(


..NB@@TXWY(R##CKH7(




A<_W
-





















.

MPX8MT+5KUZZQPH8-VXI6K*RLP(:-U3ALV+(%NG;MVC5SY;9ALV+E&JMNW;!9
M




4PXV

--MBPPHH55F!C!3;8G`

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M6BM6K:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=PX8M$+IK
MUU@!8



.*PPP@HK`+##3?AG(

(











MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK56K%I=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.

-


M3CC88(




.-MB@






M#CKHH(



--MBP
MPLHUUV`#P#C77(

**^A@

M7


N
M7?^[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6NM
M6*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7










*`*RPP@H`K&##2NL8(,-*]BP$L@UV+`2R#4`
M


4UV`02B!6!
M7(


(**]BPLL(V@5QSS3777'/-.:P`$`@KK&##2B#8D(
..NB@@PXZ

&Z`H`














MJV#32#H8(--(*Q@@PTV5EC32B#88(/-JRPL@HVV%AAA3777'/--58`@$T5
MV+RBO88(.-%=8$P@HV5EBQ`@!68(
-*P`$PHH55ES#2C?88(/_32#77'/-
M-8$`@
T*5E@1R`J!7'/--8%@@PTV5J!SS377L




.

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK56K%I=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K









TYXV`#`#K77'/-






M#CKHH(

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O76LFZ=NW:_[5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K











..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377

..NB@@PXZ








N_UV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS3777'/--==<<\TU














MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

















MKEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZU8H7NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
















..O_HH(






M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


















M:E8K5K-:L9K5BM7_+%:M9K%J-8M5JU:R6K5B-:M5*U:S6K%J-:L5JU:S6+5J

)**ZRT(DLKK+3RBRLM,)**[*TPDHK
MK,S2BNLM)+*ZRTPLHLK+32BNRM
)**ZS
PDHKK+0B2RNLM
+*+*RTPDHK
MLK32BNLS,)**ZRT(DLKK+3RBRLM
)**[*TPDHKK
S2BNLM)+*ZRT_\+*
M+*RTPDHKLK32BNLS,)**ZRT(DLKK+3RBRLM
)**[*TPDHKK
S2BNLM)+
M*ZRTPLHLK+32BNRM,)**ZS,PDHKK+0B2RNLM,+*+*RTPDHKLK32BNLS
)*
M*ZRT(DLKK+3RBRLM,)**[*TPDHKK,S2BNLM)+*ZRTPLHLK+32BNRM
)*
M*ZS
PDHKK+0B2RNLM
+*+*RTPDHKLK32BNLS,)**ZRT(DLKK+3RBRLM
)*
M*[*TPDHKK
S2BNLM)+*ZRTPLHLK+32BNRM,)**ZS,PDHKK+0B2RNLM,+*
M+*RTPDHKLK32BNLS
)**ZRT(DLKK+3RBRLM/_2BNRM
)**ZS
PDHKK+0B
M2RNLM
+*+*RTPDHKLK32BNLS,)**ZRT(DLKK+3RBRLM
)**[*TPDHKK
S
M2BNLM)+*ZRTPLHLK+32BNRM,)**ZS,PDHKK+0B2RNLM,+*+*RTPDHKLK3
M2BNLS
)**ZRT(DLKK+3RBRLM,)**[*TPDHKK,S2BNLM)+*ZRTPLHLK+3
M2BNRM
)**ZS
PDHKK+0B2RNLM

..NB@@PXZ















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=N6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUK-8O5M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




















MKEV[UFI6JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEUSS377H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


























.


M#CKHH(






-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=













MH(

MKEV[ANX:NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















MUUQSS37H``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUC-:O5M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-
MW;5KYZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
MUFI6JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[UFH6JVO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*'_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
















`5
M5UQSS3777'










MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















MK`0($
#BVC56`@0(8

M5:`]`EA=N\;BRK5K+`)=NW;MVK5KK`2P$G3M&BM6`EA981'H6B!!+-`%$L3B
MVKEK+%A=N\9B#RM6`EA=NR;@D*!``JX)6B6`U;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=JW5K%;7KEV[


MH(


















MS3777'
-*P*P$L@UUUAQQ1777









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



































MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M6BM9K:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=

















..NB@






N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/-_S777'/--==<<\TUUUQS














-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK56LUI=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVCET_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


..NB@

MH(




M*[.T

DLKL[0R2RNSM#)+*[.T
DLKL[0R2RNSS-+*
M++.T



M++.T



M++.T



M++.T



M+*W



-**ZRTPDHTK$3#RBS0M`)-*[)$PTHTK
P
M32O0M)+-*Q$PTHKT+032NL1,-*-*RT`DTKT+32C2L1
-**]T`DTKK$3#
M2C2LM`)-*]TPDHT`&$5C54K:*V@M6(5C54T5JV@M8+6BE4T5M%8M8+6EHK
M5M%816/5EHK:*U816
5C54K:*V@M6(5C54T5JV@M8+6BE4T5M%8M8+6EHK
M5M%816/5_PI:*VBM6$5C%8U5*VBMH+5B%8U5-%:MH+6U@I:*VBMK+5B%4U6
M*VBM6%UCU2H:JU;66K&*QJK5-5:MH+5B=8U5JVBL6EEKQ2H:JU;76+6UHK5
M-5:MHK%J9:T5JVBL6EUCU0I:*U;76+6*QJJ5M5:LHK%J=8U5*VBM6%UCU2H:
MJU;66K&*QJK5-5:MH+5B=8U5JVBL6EEKQ2H:JU;76+6UHK5-5:MHK%J9:T5
MJVBL6EUCU0I:*U;76+6*QJJ5M5:LHK%J=8U5*VBM6%W#2BO1L-**-:VP`DTK
MK%S#2BO0S
)*-*Q$PTHTK$3#2BNLM!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L/\2#2O1L!(-
M*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-
M*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-

M*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-
M*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-
M*]&P$@TKT;`2#2O1L!(-*]&P$@TKT;#_$@TKT;#2C2M0-,**]&P$@TKK4#3
MC2ML!(-*]&PT@HTK4#3BO1L!(-*ZU`TPHTK;`2#2O1L-(*-*U`TPHKT;`2
M#2NM0-,**]&PT@HTK;`2#2NM0-,**]&PT@HTK;`2#2NM0-,**]&P$@TKK4#3
MC2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3
MC2M0-,*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-
*-*U`TPHTK4#3C2M0-,*-*U`TXHUK4#3
MC2S0-
*-*U8TPHTK4`SS2M0-.*-:U`TPHTLT#3C2M6-
*-*U`
PLTK4#3


+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNSL-**
M+*VP,DLKK,S2BNRM
+*+*VP

M+*VP
DLKK

+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNSL-**
M+*VP,DLKK,S2BNRM
+*+*VP

@LKL[`RS2SL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`R
MRNSL#(+*[.P
@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P
@LKL[`R
MRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P
@LKL[`RRNSL#(+*[.P,@LKL[`R
MRNSL#(+*[.P

)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+3
M2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+3
MBNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3
MBNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3"BNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3
MBNML,)**ZRPT@HKK+3_PHKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRT
MP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRT
MP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRT
MPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRT
MPO]**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNL
MM














MUUQSS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZA0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


N77/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/--==<














MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=






..NB@@PXZ`$&'

M[=JU:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@X=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[







M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.BN




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



..NB@@PXZUUQS


-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKH






















M[=JU:^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H;N&




..NB@













M0X?NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MH(




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ











MUUQSS3777'
-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XU

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZUZ!SS37HH'



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZUUQS#3K7H(






M=NW:M6O7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G37KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KJ%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:-737KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU\ZANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=







.

.

.

.

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZUUQS


M74-W[?_:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7

MKEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[AN[:-73_Z*Y=0W?MVK5K










M#CKHH(
..O_HH(




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





MH`
N7;MV

















M7;MV#=VU:U;(`$T@B)1RS?\UZ%R##CKHH(



MH(







MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K





..NB@
M@TXYX'R##CKHH(
..N*$




4L@I2!R#3K77(


MH(




M`@C`@C6L7


@U
MK
QB!0!66
&*%;.P@@TVYIR##CKFE(
--N.


MV'C3#3;BH(
.-JP``
`*K`1#BO88(,-`*R``PXKUUQS#2M68(,--N6@@PXX
MV&#S3?BA`




.


ML7+MVA46UEH)8
6*E8!KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=6]'*&JL5Z-QA3(2J!KUZY=



.


.-^:($PXKUYR##CJL6-%%



-.MV00TXWY+!R#3;ED
.*%:Q8804ZY7CS

UUQSS3G77(


MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=N6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
M_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=:R6KU;5KUZY=NW;MVK5K`@20NW;MVK5K












/*

M#C;8G/

PXVV&#
M#3;AB#,..N20\PTK@5C!2B#G7'/--:RP8L4UB)2R#6!6%%*(*P$L@(KUUR#

M#CKH_UQSS34R6`%-(`!!5.I:(%;CL&'#A@W;N&O7KEVS$H@5.'3HT%EA%2@0
MJVOA`ED!H







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(









`




MA`C:-1G7KJ&[QBJ0N!4`6+$*A



MQ0JL7'









ML


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377

-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
















`**]=@0PXZZ%C!RC77


9T@XT55EP#S0HK8'/--==8`0`VV`1RS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS377


MH(








*.JRPP@HTLUQS#2O77(




MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377
M7(

.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XU

-


.

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=N]9*5JMKUZY=NW;MVK5K












MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX:.5316UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



..NB@@\XUUUQSS37HH(
.

M#CKH7'




















MKEV[9@4`JVOHT*%#AXZ5.7/7KEU#=^W:-737T*%#APX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6OH
MT`4*Q.K:M6OHKEV[=NW:M6O7KJ&[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7



MS37HH(
..NC_H(





..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZUUQS32L8(
--MA@PPHZZ%QS#3KH_[#2!32S

..NB@@PXZZ)QSS377












..NB@



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH





M[=HU5GI8L5IQ#1TZ=.C0H4.'[MRU:^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H;MV







<@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



..NB@@PXZUUQSS377

XL5USPA`RO7




MNW;MVK5KUZY=N\:J%2MTUZY=NW;MVK5KUP0($
BE34!K%BQ$B`12MK
Z`(
M$
#BB@`!5ZX)8B5`@!6UZ[_7;N&3I```0(7;LFX(H``2Q8H;MV[9H``8*N



$PXVV&`SSC777'--(*Q@@XT55EP3B!56
M8&/%+-#(8`4VV%B!CA5=0&

..O_==

L0'/--58$@HT5W#S!RC4R/,%*-@!@8T4@
MZ%P3"N(E&(%-JP$8@4`*W!CSC777'--(-A@@PTK@01B!3;;K,#*.-A@@XT5
MU[`2B!4`8,,*-BNL(`,KK+R`@!!().(-A@@TT@Z%QSS356!,(*-E9@@TT@
MU[#"@``E(((*U:@<PTBX`02B!786!&(%=BP<HT5`%AAQ36L6$#`-\@4LHU

%


%


M5JP$L!(@0!`K`0):7;N&CI4`5JQ86#%2L5:]8$L+IV[5HK`0)87;MV[=JU




.*
M%5T$8L4UZ`022L!!)((..@



&*'K.P@@XZYIR#S3566
'*


`*.E98P0HVK(QSS3777'/-



N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TU



(*-MA@@TTX










M053JVK59UU:@LV)%W+45*UBM8
4*G156K+HANG9M!2MTZ*RPNG;MVC5L`*X]








.-MA@@PTVXXPSSC?88(/-.=B@@\XYV%QS
MS377L


















N7;MV[=K_M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


M#CG?F







M8`
0;-W

MXMJV%:RL`


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[

`LT*`%AA
M!2M68(
@3"CK77',.-N&`@PXZZ)C#S3;GH'/..=U@`\XWW)B##3;HG(,--NB4
M@PTV*UC!BOHH!


5D##R@HK





..NB@@PXZ


65*X%:!+IV38`@5JP$
N!`@(-U0%<$
M7!$@0%@*RS07;MR18`5`0)87;MV[9H`0:RN7;N&;APV;-BPD4.'KAPW;-BZ


ML

MF(
--NB8@PTVZ)2##3;;6
























MNW;M&CITUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW:-%39LV`)=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=













MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HKEV[=NW:_[5K
MUZY=NX;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVC5TZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=.W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K





.

..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377H(








..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZUUQSS377
M``0=NFO7KEU#=^T:NFO7KEU#APX=NFO7KEV[=@W=M6O7KEV[=NT:.G37T%V[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT%V[=NW:M6OHT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
A<<\TUUUQS
MS3777(


MS37HH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!SS377




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


















MH(



M7-















..NB@@\XU


`5

MWJP$PA8.W+5KU]QL@(`VS=6V```'3MVK5`W:Q@LS(+&B)L``!TN[:5:!K
M5A5`F`%`(!`*P!@N\:*VPH`@:ZA6V$%&S8KI0``D''MVK5K7:QH0-&[9Q

M`%:N76
%8

















M%2M6`%@%LH*N7#DKK%:LN';MVK5K@4HA*F4%'3IRVUB56G$M4`KUU:L8'4-
M&[9KUZY=ZQ(('3IQ@5B5ZG+MVK5K@:Q8N18H4*!KUZY=6\&*%;APU[QNH:-


HUUUS_




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7K@5B

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


..MBPPDH7UP02O7=*$'
M*^A@@\TUYUQSC16L7(...?]6L








MKEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KET+%.C:-5:!
M6+$@,T**U;7KLEXPNK:M6OHKO\%A0(W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




M2BF(!!+_L`7'


-*U:PPHH5Z%QSS36!E(+(-:Q8


M8L4*UUQSS3776
'*-8$`@`TV@5QSS36L`'#--==8@4@I`*!3#BM=7'/--5:P








MM6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6NM9+6Z=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW*



+*JR@8X45V+#RC78H


LLU






















M_UV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7








..NB@@\XUUUQSS37H7(
..NB@@PXZ








MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K













M#CKHH(










MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7





M7'
--%9@`P`VK%R#CA78`(!-..B@@\XUUUQSC16LH(...=U@@TT@UUQSS377












MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUSS377








-*ZVP@LXU
MUUQSS3777'/--0((P


























M#CKHH(

MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

















MV@Q3@E@)N8HD)5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZXAG3MVC49K%A9N3;KFA5TUZY=NW;M














MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



-.NB@



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:





M7'

MH(


`A










M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[












(
``D0ARQY77
&*


'*




















MVK5KUZY=:R6KU;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW:ME34!B*Y=NW;M

































MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



MH(


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[










MUUR##CKHH(














MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





..NB@

..NB@_X











M:A:K5K-8M9K%JE4K6:U8S6+52E:K5K):M9+5JA6K6:Q:M9+5JI6L5M9:R6HE
MJY6L5K):R6HEJY6L5K):R6HEJY6L5K):R6HEJY6L_U:R6LEJ):N5K%:R6LEJ
M):N5K%:R6LEJ):N5K%;66LEJ):N5K%:R6LEJ):N5K%:RHLEJ):N5K%:R6K&:

-**]:T(DLK
MLD0C2RNRM&)-*[*T(DLTLK0B2RO6M)+*[)$(TLKLK1B32NRM)+-+*T(DLK
MUK0B2RNR1-+*[*T8DTKLK0B2S2RM)+*]:T(DLKLD0C2RNRM&)-*[*T(DLK
MLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLK
MLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLO^T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+
M*[*T(DLKLK0B2RNRM)+*[*T(DLKK,SRBRLM)+*[*TPLHLK,S2BNRM)+
M*ZS,PLHLK+0B2RNRM,+*+*S,PDHKLK0B2RNLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*
M+*S
PLHLK
SRBRLS,+*+*S,PLHLK,SRBRLS
+*+*S
PLHLK
S2BBRMS
)*
M*[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS
)**[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS
)**[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS
)*
M*[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS
)**[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS
)**[*TPLHLK+0B2RNLS
)*
M*[+_M
+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S2BNRM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S
M2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S2BNRM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S
M2BNRM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S2BNRM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S
M2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S2BNRM
+*+*RT(DLKK
S2BNRM,+*+*RT(DLKK,S
M2BNRM
+*+*RT(DLKK

MFL5J%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9K&:QF@5M%JM9K&:QFL5J%JM9_ZQFL9K%:A:K6:QF
ML9K%:A:K6:QFL9K%:A:K6:UDM6(UBU4K6:U:R6K%:A:K5K-8M9+5BM6L5JQF
ML6HEJU4K6:U8S6+5:A:K5K):L9K5BM4L5JUDM6HEJQ6K6:Q:S6+5:A:K5K):



MM6+%JA4K5JU8M6+5BE4KK+#2O\KK+3"BNLM,(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVP,@LKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(*
M*ZVPT@K_*ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2BNML-(**ZVPT@HKK;#2
MBNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)**ZRPT@HKK+3BNML
)*_RNLL-(**ZRT
MP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRT
MP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRT
MP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(*0%BQ:L6*52M6K%JQ8M6*%:M6
MK%BU8L6J%2M6K5BQ:L6*52M6K%JQ8M6*%:M6K%BU8L6J%2M6K5BQ:L6*52M6
MK%JQ8M6*%:M6K%BU8L6J%2M6K5BQ:L6*52M6K%JQ8M6*%:M6K%BU8L6J%2M6
MK5BQ:L6*52M6K%JQ8M6*%:M6K%BU8O_%JA4K5JU8L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K
M5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K
M5JQ:L6K%JA6K5JQ8M6+%JA4K5JU8L6+5BA6K5JQ8L6K%BE4K5JQ8M6+%JA4K
M5JQ:L6+5BA4K5JU8L6K%BA6K5JQ8M6+%BE4K5JQ:L6+5BA6K5JQ:L6K%JA6K


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SC777'/-





..NB@_X
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M`.3:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

























MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6OHT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:.73HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQSS377



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ












MKEV[=@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-5:M6*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




















M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






..NB@



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&KIKU]!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX;NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.'3IT


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(











M=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M5:R6EV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KD&[
MQLH:JUG0KLVZ=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6NMK+6Z=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7


..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ




.








M-73HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T%V[=NW:-73HKEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:


MUUR##CKHH(
























-*ZVP@LXUUUQS
MS3777'/--=?

MS3777'











































QR#2NL
ML


MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU]!=NW;MVK5KUZY=N_]V















MUUP#D&O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KK62UNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC565E@ABC:+%2M6T5A!
M8R4KVC59UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITUZY=0W?MVK5KZ-ANX;NVC5TUZY=
MNW;M&CITUZY=NW;MVK5KZ-ANW;M&CITZ-A0X?NVK5KU]ANW;NVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-'3ITUZY=NW;M&CITZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=

..NB@


M7'




MUZY=NW;MVK5KUUBU8H7NVK5KUZY=NW9MUK5K@:RP8G6-U;5KK&:Q8@4MFJQK






MUYB##CKHH(



.













..MFPPHH5UUQS
M#3KAD$




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KK$2($``M66EV[


MBA56H(



..NB@

0=-?0





MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7









(*`-@`8
4UUZ##R@HKH&


M8@4KB$`!0L!((-`-B0@PXZUUQSS3777


MY[-8]4-V[AQZ,YAPV8%0!6Z/]
80



JU

N7;MV[=JU














+--98$\@JK$`S2S36

M&C8`K*RL6



J&

MBLQF'+--8$$@@XZ@0022"L!&(%.NB4XPTKK%AQ32!!&*%+-$$$@@ZZ`1R

ML




MNW;MVK5KUUK):G7MVK5KUZY=NW;MFK5KT*P]6_7
V;-GSU:16E5J%K1KLJY=



@PTVV&`#``#1Q'#--:P$
M`@```+#3;H8(



MC(








M_UI!D6'JVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[-@M;JVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

MUZZQ:L4*W;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUJQ!6_7LV;-5SIZM`K1JE356UZ)=NW;MVK5K

M6&%%(($$P@H``&##3:L6&'%-:P``(`YW6#C1778(/--5;

--E98804KZ%QSC2E7
M7'
-*U:P8HH5U[!R#3;88(

M8(
..N=@PPHK5J!SS37GG(

5K````#;88


M6
$**^BP8H45@;!RS36!'
(**X$`````K+`2O77

M8(

;SC6L6!%((*P$`@``

.*%5Q@@\TU

.*]=8@4X@


MT+5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=8]5*UK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQSS377


M*[#RC77!!((`*8$$@@`IAQBBC?77'/--:RLL,(UK%AA!3K77'/-JQ@@\TU




*

M-:RLP
HUK`#`RC78H


M-8$$$D@@@;!BQ3777'




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[

._SKHH(



M






--JRPLH(5V%C!RC6!!'+--8$$$H@5V%AA
MA16!!

MRC4K8(

B`#396K



M*ZRP$`@ZZ`@BP#767'


-




@UUUPC







-*ZU`





















MC
.*``)8(X@``EQS12!7L&*%``*PP`HKK`C`BNL
!*(($((
@UUUQSS377












MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=:V6MU;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=








\X\HPHT








.

MC#/(...








M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[

















M7;MV_^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU_^N7;MV







*LBD0@HIJB2SRBJLL













MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS377





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(






MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



















M:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=HU5*U;HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEF[9@T:
MM&NL6K6:%6W6-6O7K%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:





















M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(














MUP#DVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K












.

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=















MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3GKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=JV5K%;7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73GT)U#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:JU:LT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:















M#CKHH(




































MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZ[_7;MV[=JU










M7'










MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=


















M_UV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7




















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:









..NB@@PXZ




MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=




A<@\XUUUR#SC7H
A<@\XUUUR#SC7H










-






MUZY=NW;MVK56LEJUDM6*U2Q6LUC-8C6+U2Q6LUC-8C6+U2Q6LUC-8C6+U2Q6
MLUC-8G6-U2Q6LUC-8C6KE:Q6LUC-:B6KU2Q6LUK):C6+U:Q6LEK-8C6KE:Q6
MLUC-:B6KU2Q6LUK):C6+U:Q6LEK-8C6KE:Q6LUC-:B6KU2Q6LUC-8C4+VBQ6
MLUC-8C6+U2Q6LUC-8C6+U:Q6LEK):C6+U2Q6LUC-8C6+U356LUC-8C6+U2Q6
MLUC-8C6+U2Q6LUC-8C6+_]4L5K-8S6(UB]4L5K-8S6(UB]4L5K-8S6(UB]4L
M5K-8M9+52E8K5K.P




)**ZRTTDHKK+32BNMM,)**ZRTTDHKK+32BNMM
)**ZRTTDHK
MK/^TPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)*
M*ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)*
M*ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)*
M*ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)*
M*ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)*
M*ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZRTPDHKK;32BNLM-)**ZS_M,)**ZVTPDHKK+32
M2BNLM,)**ZVTPDHKK+322BNLM,)**ZVTPDHKK+322BNLM,)**ZVTPDHKK+32
M2BNLM,)**ZVTPDHKK+322BNLM,)**ZVTPDHKK+322BNLM,)**ZVTPDHKK+32
M2BNLM,)**ZVTPDHKK+322BNLM,)**ZVTPDHKK+32BNMR-(**[.P
@LKU[`R
MRNSL-**+*VTPDHKK;#2BNMM
)**P!IQ:H5JU:M6+5JQ:H5JU:M6+5JQ:H5
MJU:M6+5JQ:H5JU:M6+5JQ:H5JU:M6+5JQ:H5JU:L9K%J):N5K%:R6LEJ):N5
MK%:R6LEJ):N5K%:L9K5JQ:H5_ZM6K5JUNG;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

M'3ITZ-A0X?NVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KK%JQ8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*52M6K5BU8M6*
M52M6K5BU8M6*%:M6K%BU8L6J%2M6K5BQ:L6*52M6K%JQ8M6*%:M6K%BUP@HK
MK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLL-(**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLM
)**ZRTPDHK
MK+32O\KK+32BNLM
)**ZRTP@HKK;#2BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)*
M*ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM,)**ZRTPDHKK+32BNLM
)**ZRTPDK_*ZRTP@HKK+3
MBNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3
MBNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3
MBNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3
MBNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3
MBNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3
MBNLL
)**ZRPP@HKK+3BNLL
)*_RNLL
(**ZRTP@HKK+#2BNLL,(**ZRT
MP@HKK+#2BNLL
(**ZRTP@HKK+#2BNLL,(**ZRTP@HKK+#2BNLL
(**ZRT







..NB@





MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73GKEV[=NW_VK5K



M#CKHH(

..NB@








MH(





N7;MV




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[











..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCGG7'/-









MW;5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZ=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#

MS3777(








MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/-


M#CKHH(


M#CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(









-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
MA@X=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[









MH(





..NB@@PXZZ%QSS377









MS3777'
-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=0X?NW+5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XUUUQSS3777'/-

.







.




MS377G(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(










M=NW:M6O7KJ%#AP[=M6O7KEV[A@[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#APX=NFO7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=










MH(






MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHSEV[=NW:M6O7T*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#A^[:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KET[=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:



















..NB@@PXZ












-0*Y=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




MUUQSS37GH(



..NB@@PXZZ*!SS3777'/-


.





MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M








..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

M2!!!)((($$$D@@@002B#CAB!-..($$$D@@@0022#AB!....&($XXXX8@3
MCCCAB-...*$$T@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!_P022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002B#CA!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!A-...*$(XXXX8@3CCCBA-...*$(TXXXH0C3CCBB!....&(
M$TX@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!`10H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M%A0H'#BPHD+%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M)Y0H/]`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A=.7#AQX0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A1((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$DC_(($$$D@@@002
M2"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0023CB!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(_R!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(((&$(TXX@0022!!!)((($$


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M$T@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(..*$(TX@@0022!!!)(((&$



M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$_Q)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!/\22!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002B#B!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#B!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!



MH$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0

MH$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0_Z!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((.&(
M$XXXX8@3CCB!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M(DXX@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@X8@33CB!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((/^!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#_
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!A-..($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@``D4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4
M*%@0('B0L4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4


M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(((&$$T@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@00B3CCBA-..($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@@002CCB!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#B
MA-..($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!+_2"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@002_T@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($`)%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($
M!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($
M!0H4*%@0('$A0L7*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($
M!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($
M!0H7+E@0($!0H4*%@0($!?\*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!
M`EV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M7/HT*%#APX=.G3H

M7'/--8$$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!A-..($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!*...&($XXXX8@3CCCAB!....$$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((('_!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#AA!-.(($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!B!....&($XXXX8@3CCCAB!....&($XXX
MX8@3CCCAB!....&($TXX@0022!!!)((($$$D@@X0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@X0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!A!....&($T@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!A-.(($$$D@@@0022"!_P022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@002B#CAB!-((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$`I!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%O\4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@
M0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@
M0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@
M0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@
M0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@
M0('A1,7*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MXH032!!!)((($$$D@@@80C3CCBA-...*$(TXXX@022"!!!)(_R!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(((&$(TXXXH0C3CCBA-.
M..*$(TXXXH0C3CCBA-...*$(TXXXH0CCCB!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!A!-(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!A!-(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022/\@@0022!!!)(..($$DX@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!B!-.(($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(..*$$TXX@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!((0`(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*#_0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4
M*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4
M*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4
M*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$_Q)(
M(($$$D@@@0022#CA!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(



M2!!!)((($$$D@@@03_$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$


MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
M_PH4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($
M!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!1)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((/^!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!*(.($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!*(..&($T@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002



M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0023B!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#AB!....&(
M$T@@@8032#CAB!-.(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$

M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0N7*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A=.7+AP

M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A1((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$O]((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!+_2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@XX0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@8032!!!)((($$
M$D@@@002_T@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@UUQSS377

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=
M.G3HT*&[=NW:-73HT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6OHT*&[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M?]KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NX8.






M7(











MKIU#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KET[A^[:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




..NB@@PXZ

MH(
..O_HH(











MSC777'



..NB@@PXZZ*!S

MA14``

.-]Q8@0XZUUQS



MUZY=NW8M$*M`7%A=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZX]L7+MVK5K@;`!````0*!`

MUZY=NW8-$*MKUZY=8\5J!0`955I=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW8-VS5L




MM6O_UZY=NW8MD*E`UZZM6
'JVK5K@5A=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW9M#P!6K-Q`@#`
MCITUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5`5ZQ=NX:.E95KUZZQ6K'BVK5KUZY=NW8-

M&JM`K*ZA0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=L\+BVKEKUZY=




M#CKHH(













M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[



..O_HH(





P`@``T5QC!3;;<&


-*U8$
M$D@@Z`022F8(
-`%#

``*5@8P44B)0BRM6`&%%;
\844WV'ASSCGB
M8(








MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=@T=.G3HKEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:

-.NB@@PXZUUQSS377





M_[#BLK7'


**]B@@PTVU\@`S2RE(+)'((&@$T@@




.

N7;MV



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=LTUUUQSS377






-



-
M.BNP

$**]=8`0TK`%QS#3I6L'+-






MA_3
N6(%Z
JU:U8L;+BA4Z%JQ864%W[1JV:]BPH;

..NB@

MV@I6K*Y=LV*%U1Y6K`*QL3*RC5TUZY=NW;MVIY#I@(!


M8@6K:U586!



M0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC56*ZQ@
MPQ8HT#4KK%@%`L*E15LV+`%NG;MVC4KK%BQPL:*52`KK`!@PQ9HQ0I6,0!@
M6\'JVK5KUZSHF77MVC565JY=NW;MVK525JY=8V7EVK7_0-@!;JV!QLV*U8
ME6*%#1NV0-=810/`ZMJU:]=875MQ[=JU:]=8L;*C156L&)*((=8P0HKK&#
M32!7



%-BNL
MP`HK5EB!#CG?@%









MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M7/_UZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5TZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K



M8L4UUUQSS3777'







..NB@






















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7








-












MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
















-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






















MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5TZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@002_T@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$H@XX8@3CCCAB!-...$$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(((&($XXXX8@33CCB
MA!-.(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$O]((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#BB!-((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$@A``@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$#_@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!A!-.(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!_P022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@00B3CCBA!-((($$$D@@@0022!

MH(

M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@?\$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@

M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!
M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!
M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!
M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*_Q0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022/\@
M@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#A!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@






MH$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!PHD+%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0
MH$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0
















MS3777'


















MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5SY\Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;_[=JU

















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M



M#3KHH(








..NB@










MUUQSS377H(



..NB@@PY`
MT*%#APX=NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K













.


.



.



















MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KU_^N7;MV


















MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=












MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






























MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G37KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_









.






M#CKHH(


MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZZA0W?MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K












MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW_VK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZZA

MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

MH(




.









M[?_:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[

.




MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7




M#CKHH(















M'3ITZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M


















..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@\XU


MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M&CITZ*Y=

















MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K





MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O1KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:

Y=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M







..NB@@PXZ












.







MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:








MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K


















-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUV0@0(!@UK5KUZZUFC$#`8(K7:Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NV;MVK5KUZY=FW7M
MVKEKUZY=NW;MVK5KLZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVJQKUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUV:U





.




M#CKHH(

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:NFO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M







M#CKHH(



MAPX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O77'/-








@@RRMS+(##(@P
(LLUQC32O7S(```@AXP4HKK0@R`P((S(`((JP@










MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KJ%#APX=.G3H




























-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=:X&`!0)6LV2T






MKEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K

M`32Q3777'/--==TX04"2```((((```@BP@$`"P`BO7=.$%`@@@(L@U












@L;0`O77'/--:RT(`






..NB@


MKEV[=NW:M6OHT*%#=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT*$[=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7













(L

M@@@

(TD4+#C_T((,5[`BRS7
























MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=













-
M0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K




[```(('(-*XBP(`@KLEQSS377


MUUQSS377G(

MM6O7KEW_NW;MVK5KZ*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M





LLU

MB`0B*!(+(%5VPT`("%PQRS777/]CS0Q7((!`P@@@
`




.




M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=_[5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=

`





















M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KIU#AP[=
M.737KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:



..NB@@\XYZ%QS













MX



M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEUS

















VZ=DW6M6O7KD6[=NW:M6NSKEV[=NW:M6O7


..NB@













-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KZ-!=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

















.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@\XUUUQSS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=




MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K















V*9NW:M7/7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[A@X=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT%V[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KO]=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQS


..NB@@PXZUUQS

..NB@











MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=LW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7K$6[9NW:-6O7KD6[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7









MH(










MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:









MUUQSS3777'





.

-0*Y=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=




MS34`N7;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K





MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC777'/-














MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:_[5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K






..NB@







MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:






MH(


N7;MV[=JU:]=<<\TUUZ##CK77'/--==<<\TUUUQSS377


























MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=








M#CKHH(









MH(





MUUQSS3777'





M7;MV[=JU_VO7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NT:.G3HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7














M*%@0($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#_@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@00B3CCB!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@8@3CCB!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@_X$$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(/^!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022``10H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%

M@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!)((($$(DXX@8032!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!!!).(($$$D@@@002_T@@X8@3CCCBA-...$$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@803CCCAB!....$$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022#AB!..
M.($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$O]((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!+_2!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0`D4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
N7;MVS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQSS3777'/-

M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((('_!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!A-...$$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@00D$!`@4*%A0
MH$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0
MH$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*_Q0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022/\@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002



M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@X8@32!!!)((($$$D[_(($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@8@33B!!!).(($$
M$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((.&($TX@@0022"!!)...*$
M(XXXXH@32!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(_R!!!*..($$$D@X@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((.*$(PY`P@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*
M%A0H$!`@4*%A0H/]`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%
MA0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%



M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@8032!
M!!)((($$$D@X@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
M!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!
MA!-.(($$$D@X@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@XXH0C3B!
M!!)((($$$D@XXH033CCAA!-.(($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!
M!!)((($$$D@@``D4*%@0/^!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!
M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!PH4+%RA0H$!
M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!
M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H'#BPHD+%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!
M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!
M`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!

MUUP32!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@
M@0022!A!-((($$$D@@@00B3B!!!)((($$$D@@@0022"!!!)((($`)%@
M0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@

M%Y0H$!PHD+%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*%A0H$!`@4*

M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2``10H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`
M@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%O\4*%@0($!0H4*%@
M0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@
M0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@


MUUQSS36!!!)((($$$D@@@03_$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@8032!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@X80C3CB!!!)((($$$DX@@0023CB!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$_Q)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M3CCA!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@002
M2!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!/\22!!!)((($$
M$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0`D4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H
M4*!`@0(%A0H4*!`@0(%A0H4*#_0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4
M*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4*%@0($!0H4
M*%@0($!0H42!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(
M(($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)((($$$D@@@0022!!!)(










MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M7/HT*&[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K













MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM?]KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M







..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.






%*_RO7,(**ZP@
MD``K5R!0`)[(
(**ZT$@H@I
R`@B!)`#*Z;,D,`55[2@L7


UPANL7






MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZZANW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
N7;MV[=HUUUQSS3777'/--==<<\TUUUQS














5
MHCV6EV[=LT4(E;7$B!(@`C+%5:!KEV[PNJ*EVM7!+$2%.W*E6O7O'2)=NW:
MM6N6+%J=24!@FM79K$2!&U&VN3$R-2,!`D29$7K(H@5*P0)$1@A260
M(&O7KEV[=HV5(%;_K%JQNG;%RYYK@E@)NH*@Q:QKUZY=NW:-%8($;I$NX8%


M=^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[




M@T`UPC2BLS7-















M7;MV_^W:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEU#APX=.G3HT*%#=^W:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OH


ML






M7'
-*RVT@




`
@B0P#577--*(*VPT
(



45K2`0`*LL()``@BPD@`UUQSQ0RF7(%`










MW35TUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
















M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6OHKEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVC5TUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUUQS



MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-73HT%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY9NW;MVK5K















M:]?_KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[_W;MVK5KUZY=NW;M






MUUQSS3777'













M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[





MUUQSS3777)$``@C







MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7








-


$X@4KK;B!)'`%*ZPDT
45



MS157((`%*ZRTT

(*]$@D
`


M0:QF(!`DB%4!`E889'5BA4B!`D$7;MVC54!`E


M%JQ





N7..#B)4@4P@2(&B!

:U=F7$N`($$03.N7)MQ
M[=HU5H*N7;MB@()(#`#%H&PPHH@@;2R!RNS!((*]T((@IK+3212M
(*
M(JS

TAI@B2@S7







TUUP@BR#76S`(`@D@T$(75[2B"L*(+/_17&(+*W,
M$`@KK+!RA2!M

\










MKEV[=NW:M6O7_ZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5K
MUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=XR/KFJ`NUZY=877M6JLN



UUQSS36!7
-*`N@$(@@KUUQSS0S77'&%(*S($DT7UW@1R!777'
-.JPD
M@(`@Z%QQ!2M76-/*%=?

TU







L

MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:
MM6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=O_M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M
MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;M

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TX7T5QS32",)*`@@D
MP,H5"0@"NL'+-%0D@T$4T
[0PPQ6L)(#`%8C_((`E?
$DT@75PQ0S0S


TU740CBL



M+2`@2!=[M
**(*RP(L@UK00BNM7)%`%WO


T
(


M5_\DP$H%S#2@(()

TPA4@0@A:SH%U)
M
*
%JT#7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[
M=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O_UZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=
MNW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=NW;MVK5KUZY=




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@PXH@UUQS#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MKEU#AP[=M6O7KEV[=NV:*437KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:-42F
M$%V[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7
MKEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7KEV[=NW:M6O7








.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H_]A


M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@(X```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``
M"```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``
M"```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``
M"```((((```@@@@`#_`@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((``
M`@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((``
M`@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((``
M`@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((``
M`@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((``
M`@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((``
M_P((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""`
M``((((```@@@@```$2```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$
M!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$
M!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$
M!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$
M!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0($```$!`@0(/]`@``!`@0($!`@``!
M`@0($!`@``!`@0($!`@``!`@0($!`@``!`@0($!`@``!`@0($!`@``!
M`@0($!`@``!`@0($!`@``!`@0($!`@``!`@0($```((((```@@@@``
M"```((((```@@@@``"```((((```@@@@``"```((((```@@@@``
M"```((((```@@@@``"```((((```@@@@``"```((((```@@@@``
M"```((((```@@@@``"```((((```@@@@``"```((((```@@@@``
M"```((((```@@@@``"#_@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((``
M`@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``""```((((``
M`@@@@``""```((((```@@@@``"(`..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[_'3IT



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=_SITZ-A



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3H_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M'?\Z=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT/^A@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ``$



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ``$


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`_P0=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A_\.



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ``$

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/\#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_H
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A_\.'3IT
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`
M!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M_QTZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[_'3ITZ-A@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`
M!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`
M!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M'3ITZ-A0_^'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ``$'3ITZ-A


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MZ-A@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@`Q!TZ-A


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M_SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.O]T

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ``$'3ITZ-A

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3_Z-A

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@




M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M0X?_#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CH`

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3H




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.




MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
M`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M_X
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ``$'3ITZ-A0X?_#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MZ-A0_^'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3_Z-A


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M'3IT_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

M'3ITZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M_QTZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ``$'3IT



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#




M#CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


M'3ITZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ``$'3IT


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@`Q!T



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




M#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M'3ITZ-A@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ``$'3IT_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3_Z-A



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

M'3IT_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#




MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M_SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@`Q!T
MZ/_0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.0-#_H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CH`_T&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M'3ITZ-A_T.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#
M$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ/\`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@_X,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#
M$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.O]TZ-A

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H`,0=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



MH4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
D@PXZ'NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

$!`

#`P-#0T.#@X/#P\/___P``````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````P`````C@.Z!``(_P#1H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CH`

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MZ-A0_^'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3_Z-A



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M_W3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


M'3IT_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCCF(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ

.



PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYZ*#SCCGH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APZ=.7/FT*%#A_\.'3IT




..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


.

MCCCEE(




MSC?AB'





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*!S#C;8B(/....









:-ZU;...208PXYY)B##CKHB`..


.


TXYY713SCCCC&/.

@PXYXXQCCCGCC&

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M-^5@
\XXW/]\\XTWW)B##CKE@(
..NB


TXWW71##CKHH%-...%P
XXWWX`S
M#CC?@%
..NB@
\XXXVPCSC?@;#

PXXX70S#CC88$-..-S_;`
....
M
\XWX(0S#C;CC

--^&(
PXZZ*`SCCCGG(--.=Y\`\XXV&`S#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHD$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..MB`
M4XXYWY#SC3??;`
...!@@PXZV(!3CCGHH(

M@PXZYGB##CKGC#/..-A@`\XWX(!33CG@C#

...6`
M0PXYWW@#3CGEH(
..NA@@PXXWV`#SC?@?&/....
`TXYY6`#3CGF@(
..NB@
M
\XXXY`S#CGCC-
-.-^

-.NB`
MX\TWWH`SSCCCH(
..NB

PXXX)0SSCCCH(
._SC?F#/...-LP\TXXW0#SCCC
M@&

M=#
..NB@
\XXZ*#S3CDC&/.-]A@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
PXVXXR#CCGD

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

ME&/.-]QX\PTVX)!#3C?C@//--]Z($PXXY8`#CCGHH...-]\`\XWWYR##CKH
MC..--^8\PTXY'0#SC?DH(


\XXZ)SSC3?=D(
..NB$\XTWXGCCS3?A@%...=]\\PTXW7@#SC?@
M8(

..NB(\XTWW9`S#CG8
MA/.--]]\8TXYX)3333?EH(
-T0TXW
MW0DVSAPV+)^[:-6[ENX\:-Z]:M&SELZ-!A`^?MFSATZ-1X<.'39SW;IU
M(X<-&SITZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-A




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(...=N@@\XX



@PXZ

..NA@`Q!PW[R)\^;MVS=S




AUZV;.G#AQ


&SMLW



M=.2\=4-'CMLVX'@C3CCB;//--^.@@PXZX'@##CCF;`
..-V0PPTWXWCS#3C;
MC----]V

TPTXX'!3#C;8B'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGH(

.
M.NB@@PXZY:!33CGGH(






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKG=(,--MV0TTTWZ*##CKHD----^B0TTTWY'0C3CCB=----^&@0\XXWICS


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


8PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%-.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKBA&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@TXXZ*##CKFF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKGC#,..NB@@PXZZ)13SCGHH(,..NB@@XXYYJ##CKHE%

MSCGEH'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ(0C#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKCC(

M0TXYYXR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYW2##3;=C----^B@

MTTTWW9C333?=A(
--N5@8TXYV)C333?=C-

TXWW71S#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(QS#CKHH(

MSCCCC&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGHH(,..NB@@\XYY92#
M#CKGG%,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/..?_EE(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N*(8PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCCHH(
..N:8


..NB44\XYY9QS#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB($PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEG',..NB@
M@XXYYJ##CKHD$
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCG_X)QS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@\XYY9ASSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'



MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M4PXYY)@SSCGGE$

.-MB

\XYYI@S3CG==%

(\XYXXQCSCCC
MC(
.-NB@@PXZYYPS3CGDD(

TXYW7133CGCC(

4TXYZ*`SSCCE
ME.






MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3ER)%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#CC??;`-...&

PXXWW`#3CCB8!-...%\$XXW






MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



...`PTTYY*#CCGE@(
.-MA@@\XWX)2##CKH

..NB

\XWX)0##C;8F+

M?!

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(




--N&@@PXZ
MZ(PSSCCDC#/...-PTTTWY&##CKHH(,..N)T\XTWX)2#S3?@H%,..-^8`PXZ
MZ*#SC?@C#/....
`\XVW(PSSCCB=
/-...
`XXWWWB##3C@E`
.-MB4
\XX

.

.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZX7CS33?;C#,.
M.-]\`PXVWYA3#C;E@/,-.-]TTPTXXW33#3CCH(,..N=PPXTXZ&##3KHH(
.
8(
..NB@4TXYW8S333?=D(
.
M.NB@0PXYW9SSC3?@?(
--NB`
\XXXZ#333?DH(
..NB4TTTWXXPS#CGC=-/_




..NB

\XWX)0#




..-^4@PXZZ)S3S3CC?&/.-^!X`\XWX*##CKBB.,--M]X`XXWXH3C
MC3?GF(,..N20TTTWXXP##CKHH(/..=UT,PXXY90#_XXWX(#S#3KHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(






M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!3
MSCGHH(
..NB@@\XYX(1##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#SCGCH(
..NB00PXZY*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYX:##CKFC,..NB@
M@PXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYYZ##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYJ##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,PXYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)Q3#D#(
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q3
M3CGHH(


..NB@
M0PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N*

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGHH/^##CKCC',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH=/
-..B@@PXZW7R##CKH
MH(




MC#

MH(

..NB@@TXYXXPS#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZY)13#CKHH(
..NB(
\XXZ)ACCCGED%
..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGE
MH(,..NB@@PXZY)133CGHG'/...2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)0#SC?HH(,..N6`@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH8----]^0$PXXW8R##3;C8(,..MB`$XXXX'C#S3;GH/...!\4TXY
MW9B#SCCB@#/.-]Z`
PXXX&PCSCCCH(....%\\TTWW8R#S3?@B//--]YP
TXW
MW71#_PXXX'03#C?;C----]V
\\TWX(S333GE@'
..NB@@PXZZ)0##CKHC.
-






MC1

.-N.
@PTY
MYIASSCCFE%


@PXZ


@TXY
MYYQ3#CCGG#-.-^:4


XXYY9!#3CGHC#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB8\PTXZ*##CKF?(

MY


:-&X?-W#=PX\1MX_8M'#9L

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH#/.-^!L\XTXXXS3#3GC=`/.-]Z4TPTXWX#3#3GC=`/.

.

.
M-NB@@TXYX'P#SCC==-
-.=MP$PXXV&`S3C?CB'
..M]X0TXWXXSSC3GHH,.
M...,XPTXXYSS3?AB(/...*$
PXWW71#3C?CB-
--N2
(PXVWX`C3C?CD---

XXWZ*!3#O\XXWP#
MSC;@@!-.-^.`$PXXXX#SS3?C=-
-..&

TXXX)`S#CKC@!..-^5TTXTYZ(@C
M#CCC?.

..-B

XXWX(PS
MCC?B?`
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(





..NA@@PTZXXPSCCG?8&..

--N&(TTTWW(Q#SCC;@!
..-B@@PTVX)2##CKH8(
.
M.M^





M-]^0


\XXXX##CKHH(,--N.,8TXYX&##CKHF
/-
M-M^`@PTVZ(PS#CKH@%/....
`\XXY(P#3CGF?$/....`@XTYY9`SSCCCF/_S
M#3?;?/
--MB@@PTXWY@SSCCC@%
.-MB`@XXXXW0CCCGF@(
..NA@
PXYXXPS
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`S

T\TXXW03CC??E-/--^!\T\TXXW0#SC?@=/--..%X4\XWWXCS
MC3CA?/
--MB
@XTXXX#SS3CC?//-..*(8\XVXHA3#CGAA(-..=QL
TXWV&`S


.--^*$
M@\XXXH@SSC;==$-.-^*
TPTVXXPS#C;@?#-.-^.
TTTWY)#333GHH-..-Y\
M4TXWY9#SCG@A-/-.-A@
PXWWGPSSC?HH%
....``\XVX(033C?CA`
....`


MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


-
M..64(XXWWWAS#CKDD----^.
\PTZZ)133C?CC$/....`\PTXWH@C#CKG=-/-

-.=V``\XXY(Q#SCC=C#
.
M-__FH(

MSCG=C#

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-.-^8
M

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

<8XXYZ*##CKHH(




<<\XYZ*!SCCGG

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB

PXYYZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZXY`S#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@P[_
M.N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H3LW;MPX=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGDH(
..N:44PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


=T8XXYZ*!CCCGE


..N:@@PXZ
MZ)ACSCGHF(
..NB@8XXYYYQSCCGHG$-..=Z@@PXZZ)QSCCGFG&


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..?_EE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:88PXZ

4PXZ





\XXYXPSSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(






WSMLY=.B@XTTX
MXH`C3CGEH#


MSCC@?`/...48TXYX(033CCAB!-...:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKGA----^.@@PXZYFPC3CCA=#...-U@
\XXW(#333?@E(
.


MC3CA8!-...&



--MB



@PXVWX#3

M
\XXXWCSS3CHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYH33
M33?DH(
..N9L(TXXX70CSCC=8#/..-Q\TTTWX)2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXXR#


M@XXWWXS333CA@'



$PXXXXR##CKBC`...-]X
TXWWWP33C?@


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKE;.---^.@@PXZY8!3CCG8
M@(,..MA@4XXYVX`#3CC@E(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCC(
..M^8\PTXV'SS#3CE
MH(
..MYPX\TWVY3S#3CE8/
-.NA@`PXVV'@##CGEH(
.-MB@`\XXXXR##CKH


-.NA@@TTYY7#S33C@
M@%

E0


V






..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY73333?CH(

..-Z``\XW


M??






MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGE(
..NB

\XYYZ##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MH$




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB


MH(

..MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
600\XYY)!#SCG88#/.-^:8,XXYZ*#3CGDD'/.
M..:48\XXYIA#SCCEF'

XXYXH0##CGCC---



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!SSCGHH'
B@<PXZYYR#SCGGE&


..N:88PXZ



:<4XXYZ)ACCCGGG'
.


-
M-MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,-
M-MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
-
M-MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PW_-MA@@PTVV&#
M#3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH!-...&80\XXXZ`S
MSCCDE',.0,J5,T?.G+EQX]=(S?NG#ESY
PD1MGCMRY<^C0G4






8
\XY

..NB0@\XYZ)1S3CGEF#..-]^

MY(SC33GEH(
.-N.

...:80\XX
MZ*#SCG88/\SCCGCC(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88XXYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X





XXTWX70#SC?@C#/..-V4@PTVXXB##CKG8#/.
9\@\TXXXP#SC;<?!-.-]V`$\XXXH#C#3?;G(..
M..-\(TXXX'PS#CC?F(,..NA@XXTXX6`CSCCCH'-.-]V,T\TVW(C333CAC//-
M-^


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M




R!\_9MVSETZ

..NB@@PXZXXPSSCCCC$/...!PPPTXY8`#SCCCE$/_
M#C?=C#
...5@`\XWZ(S333?@C(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q3CCG?C$/...B@4XXYWXS3
M33?BH(

\PTXY8#
M#3;HH/..-V(@PXZZ(!33CG8@/
-..)T(\XXV*`#SC?8H`/.-]B8`\XWXX##
MS3;@C$/...9@\PTXX(PSSCC@H!-..-B8@PXZZ&!3CCG?H(
--NB@(\XXW7`S
MSCCDC#

.-MA@`\XWX)R#3CGF@(
-.NA@(TXWW7@#
MCCGE@(
-.NA\\PTVV(!3#CC@8%
..NA@`\XWX)R#_\XXXXP#3CGFC#/...2@
M@PXZZ&`#3CGFB-/-..*@8\XWX*#C3??;//--MR,,PXYXXR##CKH?&/...-@
M8\XWX)1#SCCD@(,.-MAP\TTXX6#SC?@F#
.-MB

.-MB@@\XXY(P##CKHH(
.-NB@`PXVY9CSC3G?@%
.-N!\
M@PXVXHS3S3CHH(
.-N.0
\XXY(R##CK88%
...B@@PTZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@







MCCC=C$/....@@PXVXX#SS3CFH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)A3#CCAC#..-]^,,PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

MTTTWWXRS#3?FH(
..NB@

M0\XXWHQ##CG=H(


\XXY73333?C
M@%


MH(/....


M
PXXX8@SSCGHH(...=UT
TXWY)#3C3C@A(

\XXYYR#C3CHH(
-.NB@
M@PXZZ*#S3C==`...-UT8TXWXXS3S3G88#..-^!\$\XXXXP#SC?CC#,.-N.,
M`TXYWGQ3#CKHH(-...``TXWXXQ#SO\XV(PSSCC=C#-..=B

PXWY733S3CC
M=./-..,,PXVXYAC#CKHF&,.-N9@@XTXWYA3#CKHE$...-V,,\XXY*##C;C
M@`/...:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZWGSC#3GC
MC$/...!TTTTXWF#S3CCE%-.-]V,,PXXY8#CS3?@C-.--^(P\TVYJ##CKH
MH...-R

--MB$\XTW
MWYB#3CGF@(
-.NA@`XXWWX#333?=@(
-.NA\`PXV`
'VS1RX;^2Z?0
7[ILW
M;^?0C1LWCERW;MW&D1N'#ATZ=-C$??
?LVCMPX



M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=

M-G3HT*&##CKCC(

M

MH(

<<XXY
MYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:88\XYYYQSSCGEF'



.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N.
@PXZ
MYX#S#3CAH(

..NA@
PXVV)2##3;8?/

PXW
MVYR#SCGHC#
..NB@@PXZZ(PSSCCCB

-.-^@\XTYY:#33GEG`,...`4\XW

MXWQ3SCGG8&-...*
\PTZZ)03#CCEE(

M.=A@4\XYWGR##3;EE(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'CAPZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H2M'[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXY
MYZ##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`SSCCCG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


.-MB8$\XWWG1C#CKHH(
.
M.NA@@PXYXW0##CGE8'
.-MAT


.

.-]N`
_\.-]N`T\TYZ'QC

..NB@8\XVW'Q3#C?;@$
...&@`PXWVWS333GF;`


.0+R!^_8-W3AR
MX]!^V:N'+AOX+Y]`S=N'+EQX=A0X=N'+EQY
)APP8.'+=MZ



M=.C0H2-7#ELY;-C.83-7#ATZ=.C

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0E3MW+APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C*C3MG#ATZ=.C0H4.'SIPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'+APZ
M=.?.A2N'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ)Q3#CGHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGEE(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@TXYYY13SCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/....0,PXYXZ##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@TXYXY!3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGHH(-...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB04\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKBH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZX8R#

...!X`PXXXXR##CKCC(
--N$\PTXY70S
MSCCH8(,..NB@@PXZYWSS#3C=@%...=^0@PTVX(2S#3KHC/....
@PXXWWSS




IMX_9M
M7+APZ




..NB@@TXYY9##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXYYR#CCGFF(,..NB@@PXZYY13
MCCGCH(,..N2@@PXZZ*#3CGDH(

M#CKHH(

..N&@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APT;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#
MA@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;_S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!A
MPX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!A
MPX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!A
MPX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!A
MPX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!A
MPX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8--MA@@PTVV&##3;88/^#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH/--..)@
M


..NB@
M
\XXXYQ#SCCCG&




\XYX)13#CGG
MC#




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@`XXWX(#S#3CBB(

M'3ITZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYXXQCCCGFF(/....08\XXXY!CSCCHH$/...2
M0\XXX(1CSCCED(

\XXY)1C#CGGG$

M

..N.
M0\XXYXQ#SCCFD#/...B


PXYZ)!3SCCG


MH(
..NB0@_\..N&@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2,8XXYXY##CKHH(
..NB@@\XY


..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ


M@.
-..,,PXZZ'QCSCCCC#,..-^8@\TXXXSSC3G88//--]^`,\XXXY`SSCCF
ME`-..-MP4PXZZ*#33G@@%
..-MPXPTXWX!3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

8\XXZ*!#SCCCC#/...&$8\XXY92##CKG
MG$/...648\XXY_^@4PXZYYQ3CCGDC&
..N20@XXYYI@SSCCGH(
..N2@@TXY
MYIQSSCCCC#/....



\XX
MYXPSSCCEH(/....

\XXXXQ##CKFC$/....88TXYXYR##CKHC#/....

TXY



MYY`S#CKFE$
..N.

.<<\XY

@\XYX9R##CKHH(
..NB8
\XXY(QCCCGCH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@
\XXXYB##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGHH-...B@@PXZZ*##CKHF&..


....
8TXYX*##CK?
MC#/...1XX\TWZ*##3;@?`

M@+
--]N``\XWX6Q33CGHE+
--]V


MWXS3#3C?D/

-.-^8\XTY
MY6##CC?C#/....,,TXYY8#C3GF8!
..NB@
PXYXX#C#3C?C$
..NB`4\XX
MY(PS#CC@E(/-..2
`TXYV&`#CC?@?#/...2


..NB@@TTY

-..`4PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

PXXXXPS#C;DD(/-..!\`\XXWWC3S3C?@(
..N:4T\TXY9`C#C;GF
/-


TXWXXS3S3G88(/...2
TXTXX:##CK?F&-.-^*,,PXXV(PSCCC=C#,.
M..684\XWZ*#SC?B=-.-.=B

\XXX8@33CCC@/--.-]TT\TXY8@S#CCCC#
.








M=.C.82



M.'3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

TXWW7`S#CKHH(

..-UTXPTXXHCS
MC3GHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..N&`\\TXWX033C?CA!/.
M-N.``\XXW733#3GHB/..-B,(\XWV(@SSC?C?.,-...@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB44\XYZ)QC#CKFF&
.


6<4\XYYIQS#CKHH(
..NB@8PXZZ*!C

..O_HF&

8$\XWWHASSCGG8',..NB@
M<\XYYZ!C3CD`*8?.G#ESZ,R9.W?NW#ESZ,R=.W?NW+ESYM9*U?NW+ESY\Z=
M
W?.G#ESYMA0X?NG#ESY]9.V?NG#ETZ


Z-

:%

.
M.NB@@PTZY90#3CG88


.-N:8@PTXYI0#
M#C;EF#/...B@@PXVZ*##3K88+,-..$@PXZVW!S#CKED`
.-N!\\\TWY93S
MC3G88/
-.NB@@PXVY90#3CG88+

M3CGHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3H




W#CGHC#/....(4XXYY7P#SC?8H#

M33?FH%...=Z40\XXV&#CS3?E=//--^.
@PXZXHR##3;HC#/..-UT8PXZZ*!3
M3C?=B-


B<8XXXX82##C;HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##3KFE`-..=A@

/-...

-.MB`\XTYZ*#SC?F8(,-.M^8
M4PXZY'CSC3?@E&/.-]__=-,--^.,,PXXWH#S33GHE%/.-M]LPXTXV(PSSCCC
MC#/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



M'3KHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..-V
MTTTWWW#CS3?C=`/.-^6`0PXYV*`SSCCCH(
..MN`TTTWYZ!C3CG@H!.....@

M`PXZZ(!3CCGE@(


M@'
..NAT8XXYYG0CCC??=&-.-]U\$XXXX7S3C3GF@%
..NA\8\XWX*!CSC?@
MD----]V0
TXWW70C3C?=F&-.-]V4`PXZZ'CSC3GF=/--..:4`PXYV&`CSCCC
MC-/--^.
8TXWX80S#CKHH(

MD-.-_S?CC`
.-N20TPTXY)`#3CG?@-/-..B@@XXWW&SSC3G?@.
-.-^`@PXZ
MWY1CSCCC;





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@_X
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(








..NB80\XXXZ!3SCGG


TXXXXR##CKDD$

8XXYXXQC#CGH



@PXZYZ!#SCCG

8\XYXXQCCCGCC'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
MNG+FS*%#=P[=.'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G/CQI5#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G/CQI%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXY(R##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

.-]N

\XX
MXXPSCC?CB#/.-]^`
PXZXXPS#C;DC+
--^&(
PXVZ*##3CAB#/.-]QL`TXX
MW70SCC?CB`/.-]MP8PXZX(`SCC?@@#,..N64P\TXW7B#S3C?@+/--^*,,\XV
MX(#3#3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)@SSCCEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF#/...6@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCC(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#CC3CA8#


\XWXHPSSC??@#
.
M.N.0
PXVXXS#S3;BB#

\XTWW&QS
M#CK@?#/.-]^`
PXZY9BSC3C==(/-..`L\TWXH@S#C??@-,-.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0

H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-GSIPY=.C0

..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGDE%,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD$
.
M.N*@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@4PXYY91##CGHD(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..N*@@PXZZ(QSSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)2#
MSCGCG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF(,..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@TXYY9PSSCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@\XTYY6#
M#C;88`



M`TXYY8##3KHH'-...!P,PXYXXPSSCCHH#/...2,,PXZXXPS#C;HH(/-.-UT
M(PXVZ*##3CEF./--]A@`TXYX(`SSCCHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$-.-^64X\TXYZ#_8\XXYYR#



\XXZ(Q##CGHH(
..NB

TXYY6S#
MC3GHH(....,,TXXXZ#3CGCG'

MSCCDG(

--N.`
M@PXZXY1CCCGDC(
..N.
@PXZZ*##CKHF#/...:8,\XXYJ##CKHC#/...:8

--N.8
M
\XXYY@SSCC8H(
..NA\
XXXY)1SSCGEG(
..NAX(TXXX(A33CGHC$


M



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4TXWY)3#33C@?,,-.-UT@PXZZ*#33G==/.-..*$
M$\XWY9`##CCCC#-.-^2
@PTXWGRS#3CAB'
..NB@XXTXWX`33C?CD----^20
M@PXZXY`SSCCC=..-..1TTTTWY*##CKBA!..-^5TTXTYZ*#SCC@C#..-^,
M,\XVWX0C#CKHC$/...B@@\XWWVS#S3?A=-/--^
0TXWW9!#3C?DH(
..N5X
M\PTXXV#S3C;H(,..O_G8(/-.-B0,\XVX'CSS3;A?`-..-Q\`TXWZ*#SCG8
MD#/.-N!TTPTXX8#SC3C8A,..-R$(\XXZ*#SCGA=-/-.-B0
\XVX(@S3C?E
MH(
..M^(
\XXW8CCS3??A.---^.$\PTXXWR##3;C8#....%X0\XXWH`S#CG=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH%-.-^64LXTXX'S#S3?==(,..NB@@XTYW70#3CCBA!..-^64`\XWXY`S3C?C
MC(,-.-Y\LPTXX8AS#CKHH/--..!\$TXWXXS3C3?DD(,..N.,,PXYXW33C3CC
M=-/_33?DH(,..N*$`\XWY733C3GHH(....

..NB

\XX


..NAX
M\TTXX(0#3C?C=----^2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



PXXZ*##3;HH`,.-MA@\\TWY90#SCCC
MC`/..-UT`\XXWX!CSC?88%,.-]^`P\TWZ*##3KHH(
...:4
\XXV&`3#CKH
MH(
...68\XTYWX#S3??@%,..NB@,XXXY92##3CEF#/...`8\XWX83##3;?


PXWWX#S33C;E%
..NB@@PXZY'CSC3??
MH(
.-NB@@PXZX)A3#CCF?`..-]Y@@\TXXZ##CKH@/.-.=^84PXXV'CSS3?E
MH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXY
MYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!SSCGDH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


..-]T\\TWX'S_@PXZZ*#S#3C??`/.-^!\4PXXWYB#33GF@//--]Z(@PXZ
MZ)3333?=C(
-.NA@`XXWWV!3#CKHH!/.-]Z(\XTWXH0#3CG@?#-.-]QL
PXX
MWGP##C;DD----^.

\XXXXP#3C?DD.


M-^6`\\TWX&#33G=E%,..NB(,XXWX)13#CCD=-,-..2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




..NB@@XXYYIR#SCGGH(
..NB@8\XY


.
M.NB@@\XYYYB#SCGGH&

.

..NB@8\XYYYQS#CKHF(..

MCCGFD$-...B@@PXZZ)13#CKGE%


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@XXYYIQS



MSCGGH'




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




MG3N'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYXPSSCCGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE
MG(
..N:
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3H





..N:8
M@PXZZ*`SCCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APZ=






Z=ZS8.W#=PY

MW3ERY)ACSC?AH'


MD(
..NB@

PXZZ(PSSCCB?'

MC$
..NB4$PXXWZ#SCCB@&/....0@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

MD$
..NB@@PXYXXQSSCCEE&

@PXZZ*!C#CGCC'



ME%

MC#-....@@TXYXYQS#CKHG'-.-^.`\PTXY)!#3CGCG'

MH(


4TXYW92##CKHD$

@PXZ


-..B@0TXY
MW91#3CGCH(


\XX


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.-MQPXXTXV&`S#CKHH%/.-^*

TXX
MVW`SSC??@#

..N5TTTTYWX`3CCCHH(/..-^0
\XWX)`S#C??A,.
M.NB,,\XXZ*##CCCC#
.-]Z((PXVXVS#S3?AG'

$TXXW(P##CCHH%-..=V4\XTWX8B##CKHC/
-
M..-\\PTXXVSCS3?BH(
..M^8@PXZZ(`S#CGC_W#CS3?B8#/..-QX(TXXYZ!S
MSCGA=#
..=B
LPTWWXS333?EH(
..M^(
\XXX7@S#CG8C+


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%
.-^$8PXVZ*##3K@?#
.



M3IRX;MS&C2

W#MRW;^#&C1MG#MPW=.C&C1L'

M#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4PXXZ*##C;HH!

-.-UT
M\\TXV&##CKHH&-.-]]X$XXWW'`SSCCCC#,..NB@,TXWW713#CCGH./--^&(
M0TXWZ&#S3??8(
-.=V`\PTYZ*#3CG=D#/....,,TXWWXPC#CKHC
..-Z(


MC1LW[ALX;^*^@?




TXWY:##CK@?.--
M-^1TT\TWY*##CKE=-
--N6(
XXWW(PSSCCCC#
..-V0
\XX_^)\X\TWX)1C
MSCCCD$-.-]^00PXWW7P##CKHE%-.-^1TXTTWYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MY

M#CKGF-/-.-UTTPTYZ*#3CG==$/...2,0TXWX'PS#CKHH&-.-^``PXXXXPS
M3C?@?#
.-NB@@XTXWWAS#CKDE----^.
@_\-.MA@`XXWV&!3#CKHH!..-]UT

..M]X\TTWY'33#3CDH(
..N5T
MTPTVY8PCSC?;D#


M\PTZZ)1#3C?C=----^:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(








M8XXYYYQSSCGFE'


MH(


ME(

..NB@@XXYYYACCCGH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..N:8@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@\XXXXQS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N20@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY)2##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG%


..NB@@PXYY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYJ##CKGA/]##CKHH(
.


PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXYY*#SCCCG(

.
M.NB@@TXYYI@SCCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGED(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N0`I%PY=.7(E4.'#ATZ


M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*$S9PX=.G3FS)E#APX=

MN7+HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#)\[;

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.N64@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!33CG_Y9PC3CCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S
M3CGEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGDH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



MKEPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYYY2##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
2<@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHC#/...B0
M,\XXYI##D#0D3






V;MRX;^/.G3
W[MPY=.:Z



\XXX8PSSCCCE'
..N2@4TXYYY1SSCGD?#..

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH!

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
?LV#IPY<^C$A0



M#CKHH(
.-NB44PXWX8`#SC;@=-

M33?B?(
--N.$\PTXXZ`S#CGC8#




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@4PXWW7@S#C;HH(/-.-A@
\XWZ*#
M#3CEF/,--M]X`PXYZ*#SS3??@#/...&$LPTVWGSS33GHH#/.-M]XLTTYWX`#
M3CG88(,.-M^`4\XXY(Q#SCCC@/,-.NB4_V/.-^A@@PTVZ&##3CED#/....@
M@PXZX)1C#CK8H(
....
0\XXXWP##C?8@/
-...
0\XXX)`S#CKHC$/..-^8
M4PXXY9`SSCCC@`-..=B@@PXZWYA3#CGCD#
.-MZ`\TTYZ(PS3C?BD%
...6`
M\PTZV(03#C;F8(
--NA\`PXVWWP#3CG?H(

0\XXYF##S3;@A(
--NB@

`\XWZ*`SSCCCD#/...4
M`\XWV*##3;?@/_CC3??8/..-U@,\XXY8##3;H8/.--]]@
\XXXY2##3;C
MA(
--N:@0TXYW'C#S3;C8#/....0
PXYXXP#SC?F8/
-..A@@PTVWY@SSCCC

..N9\@PXZV(!3CCG?D/.--]]L`TXXX(!3SC?@
MC#
..NB@
PXYXV##CC@E(/.-]Y\@PTYY'S3#3CA;%,.-MB`@PXVV'QCSC?@
MC#,...4@\TWX'@#SCCCC$/....`@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH$
.-__==#
.-NB@@\TXV&`S#CCHH(
-..68`PXVWW@#3CGH
MH//--]^`


MC#/....``PXZZ)A3#CCH8(
--NA@@PTXY8PS#CGCH(
..N44PXZV*#SC?D


TXWXI13SC?F@`
..MB$`PXVYF##3;H
M@/,--MZ`\TTYX*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXVZ)1CSC?E8(
--]^$$PXZYGS33C_
MYF##3K8H/
-..-@$PXXX(PSSCCE8+

--]Z`4XXY

..N!P4PY`




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4TXW
MW70S#C;HH(/-.=A@8XXWWWP3#CCEE/
-.=UT\PTYZ*!#3C?@@#
..=Y\T\TX
MW70##CGHH%/.-N:8@PTYX(`CSC?88(
.-N20TTTWXW33#3?C=-/-..B44PXW
MWHPC#C;H8(

M.-V`\PTYZ(Q#SCCHE%
...=X\XTWXI!#3C?H8(/--]]@@PTYW8`##CG?F&/.


M6[ERZ
IUZ]8-W+=OY]!]\P8.VSAQX+A]\]:MW#=PV[YAPP:NW#=PY


M'3ITZ-A@PXVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.







MZ*!SSCGEG'

<<TXY
MYYACCCGHG'....!X\\TYZ)QCSCGGG'

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3FS)E#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG/D
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@TXYZ)R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCCH'
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HS)DSAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M'3IT_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*&#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKGE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKGE(

..NB@@XXXXXP33CGEF#

M@PXZZ)AC#CKHH(

..NB@
M8PXYXY0SCCGFE(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGH(


..NB@



..NB@@PXZZ*`3SCGH
MH(
..NB@
\XXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N2`$PXZZ)ACSCCH
MH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY'133CGEC(,..NB@
M4TXYXYR##CKH_Y`SSCCEF#/...:40PXYYXQ##CGFD#/...5T4TXYZ*##CKG





XXY

MY
*).U=NW+ARY

MZ



MZ

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE=%-..=Z$

..NA@
XXX

--N`\XTW
MW'PSCCC@C`,..-^,`\XXXXS#3C?B-




M'+=MV

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%/...2
@PXZZ*!##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKD
MD/^#3CCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


MZ*!S3CCHG(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYXYAC#CKBD#.....88PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

.

..NB@@PXZX81CSCGHH(
.

...&@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#





9]\Q:N&[AOX
,,--^.(`\XWX'C#S3;AA...-B@@PTVWH0#SC??
M;'/..?_HB`

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCCCC(,..NB@0PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHF#/....,,TXYY:##CKHH(


.
M.N.

..N20@XXXZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MX\:!\_;-&[9OX

--..-\`\XWWY13#CK?F%


.-N84PXZZ'P#3CGDC#/....,,XXY
MWWS#3?E8(

.--^!@@PTZ
MZ)CSC3?HG$/....`@PTVX(#S#3CE@#/....@@PXZXW2S#3?CD#/_#CGCC&-.
!@`\XWX&`#SC?@F(,.
M.MA\`\XWYF!33CG8@/,-..4@PXZV*##3;@F(,--N!\<\XYZ(Q#SCC?F`/.
M-]AX\PTXY:!3CCG;A&...=B8\PTXZ&`SSCC8C(,--M^8,\XXXW0#SC?C?(,.
M.NB(TTTWXZ!33CG@@&/....,\XTYY8`SSCCC@%,..NB,,XXYY8##3KHH%
.

..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH`-...*,@PXZZ(B##3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB8
PXVV)`S


.-N.

WKERY









PXYVW#C#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-.NB40TXWXXPSSCCC=-
-..*@@\XYWH`#3C??E%
.


\XXXX`3

...5\4TXYW92##CKB?+
--^.

\XXXW#333??H'...=U\\PTXWG0S
MSCC@=`/.-^1L\XTWV(!33CG@A/.--]]\\XTWWYR##CKA?./--^&4XXTWXGCS


\XXX_^`4PXZZ)C333?=D(




\XXXW0S#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4

M#1TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.BP84


.
M-MAT







TXXW&PS
MSCCGF'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYYIQSCCGHH(




B@



MF4-G[MPY=.?

G3N'SAPZ=.?.H3MW#ATZ=.C.
MF3.'SAPZ=.C


H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0




-..!P@PTVWWQ3
M#CGHH(
--NA@@PXZV&`#SC?@F(
..N-TLPTWV)B##CK8H#/....8\PTXV)0#
MSC?DC(
--N6`
PXYXWR##CK8?(
..MA\X\TWV(Q#SCC?D#/...6`@PTVZ&#
M#3;HD/.--]^@@PTVZ*`S#CGC8(/.-^

PXZZ*!3#CC?H(
--MB@@TTYY8#
M#3KHC-/--^
@PXZZ(!3#CGCD#




..NB8
M\XTYY6P##CCA8'/.-MQX`PXVV(PS#CKHH(
..NA@@PXXXY`S#CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

8<XXYYYQS#CKF

-.NB@@PXZY9QSSCGGH(
..NB48XXYZ)QSSCGG
MG'

..NB@@XXYYYQS#CKG

W?NW#ES

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
.-NB@@PXZV*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NA@@PTZXY`SSCCC=-

..MA@
M`\XWX)R##CKB=
/--MB4@PXZV*`SSCCCF/
-.-B8`\XWXXR##3;E@#/....`

...@@PTVV*#C3GE@(
-.NB
TPTXX(R##CKH
M?%/....

\XXXXPSCCGE@'
.-MB`@PXVV(S3#3;8=`/....`PTTYY:##CKH
MH(/....,@XXXXHP#3CGF?#/...2`@\XWX'@##CGEH%,...4`TXXX6PS3C?=
M@#

....


..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'[APZ=.C0H4.'

M#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@\XXXYQS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZWGSS33CAC#/..-B

PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M8(
-.N.
0\XXY'33#3CBH(
..N)X\TTWXWP##C;A?./--^.0
PXYXW0SSCCH
ME/
-..2

\XXZ)C333?=D(
--NA@\PTXY8@33CCH
MH&/..=UT`\XWWW0SSCC=@$




TXWW8`C#CKHG./--]Z(`TXY







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCCD%
..NB@@XXYXXQCSCCFF%

..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#SCCG
M_YPS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEE%
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGGC#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF&/...:

XXY
MY:##CKHH(,..NB88XXYZ*##CKHF&/....

\XXY:#SCGEH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:44PXZ
MYYQSSCGEG'


.



RA
W?NW#ETZ
J=.W?.G+ES




\XXYY0SSCCHD#/...:8
\XXYI0SSCCGH(
..NB(@PTVYZ`S#CGC
MF$
._SGFC$


..NB88XXY
MYIA3SC?@B%


PXY
MY90SCCGFA&


MZ*`SSCCCH#


M...
4PXXX'R#SCCDC&/....



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB4



M..B0
TXYY92#3CGEC'


M..2

..NB@(PXXWYC_



MSCCHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PXZZ(PS
M#C;8B/
--MB

PXX_]^@@PXZZ&`S#CC??+

M?0

.
M.NB88PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXXYR##CKHF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&/.

..NB@@PXZZ*!#

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N644PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH',...64@TXYZ)PS
MSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@(PXZZ*`SCCGFF(
..NB@@PXZZ)13
MSCGHH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXXQC3CG@8(
..NB@
M8TXYX*!33CG8@(
..N-T`PXXXV##CK8B----]AT`\XWXZ##CKD8(
--M]@
M@_\..N,,\XXX'@#SC?C=`,....`,\XXXX`S3C?=@#,...4`PXV`
&&#ATZ


LV#MPV



MMG+EL($K9^X;.G3HT&&##CK88(
..N,,PXYZ*##CK?E`/.-]]\0\XXY'0#

`TXXX'!3
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3




PXYY(QSCCGDC$
..NB@XXTXY)!##CKCC%
..N.
M




..N24
M0PXYYZ!3SCGEE(/-..68\PTYY)!CSCCGH(





PXVZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



-.-Z@

...4`TXWW8`C#CKHH'/.-]Z`T\TWX)0#CC???`/.-^4
M`PXYY72##?\YXZ##CKHH(,-.NB,,\XXXXSSS3??=$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
...%T
\XWX&PSSC?@
MC#/....
TTTYY6SS33CAH(
..NB0

---]V
XPTXWWPS#C;8
MC#
.-]N(\TTWXXR##3KHH/.-.-A@
\XWWWC#S3?CB./-...



..-A@
PXZYYR#S3CCB(
--^&(
\XWWW@C#C;AB#
..N.
XTTXW73S#3CD

..-UT(PXWXXSS33C==+/--]UTT\W_.-MP(TXY
MZ*#C#3G==`

MW&P##CGCC-/-..60@PXZZ(#S#3??C,..NA@@\TXW'CSS3C=@!,...:@@PXX
MX7CSS3C==-/-..



M
PXYWH`#SCCCD#/...B@@\XYV)13SC;E8(/-...``PXZZ*##C;HA..-]]\



..MB(`PXXWI3_TTTW

`XXWWG13#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#S33CA=#





MV
9Q\_9M7+=PX



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@\XYYIB#SCGHH(

64<\XYYYQSSCG_
MZ)QS3CGGG&

B<<TXY
MZ)AS3CGHH(
..NB88\XYYIAS#CKHH(


..N:@8TXY











M'3ITX
1X\TWWJ##C;8H(
--MB@\\TXY(R##CKH@%/...-@XPTXX(Q#3CGE
M@#/_SCCC@#

..NA@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@TXYXXQC#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9QS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N.

\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


J!VP8.'#9TZ-!]

MWH#CS3?;E----]N
TTTWX'@#SC?E@./--^&@@PXZY'2##CK8@./--]Z`(XXX
MWH#CS3?BH#

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH`
0=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYZ#SCGGF&..





MSCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M_W

..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*`C#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHG%....&@@TXYY9R##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGB(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(

..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZY91S#CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH(
..NB@@PXZY9R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

4XXYYHQCCCGFD'

(PXVV(QC3CCB
.,4TXYZ*!3SCCHH&/..-A@8\XXYICS33CB
MB'/...64<PXYXXR#CC?FE&/...:8`TXYZ*##CKHH$-.-^64X\TXZ)QCSCCG
MG(

XXYYI@SSCGDD#...=]X(\XYZ*!S#C;D

8PXZZ*!SSCCEE'


@PTZ

..NA\XXTXWX@S3CGHC$

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

...%@(PXWVW`SCC?=@`....%P`TXWW?]\
TXW

...B@@PXZZ*!33C?DE+.-.-__@+
-.-UT@PXZY9BSS3C==(/-

PXWWG@CSCGHH'




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



.
M.NB@
\XWWX0#3CC@=#/.-]Z(\PTWVX#3#3KHH'-.-]V
@PTXWWRS#3?;B#-.
M-]V
4TXWW90##C;8B



MH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

-..!X`PXXXXP##CCE8/
-.-Z`0\XXXXPS



MT)4#]_\-'39LV

MZ-!]


MX(2##3;H8/

MXG3##3?E@%...=A\@PXZV*##CKF?(/....,8\XWX&##C;_V(##C;8@%,.
M.-^8@\TWX*#S3?@F/

--MB@@PTVV*`#3CGFH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..O_HH(


M.-Z(X\TWWY#333?=D/
-...
`\XWY8`SSCCC@#/..-UT
\XXW'B##3;??(
-

...2@@PXZYG0SSCC@E`
.

--NA@(\XXWIR#

MS3?8H(
..N=\`\XXXW33#3GD8(
.-MAPXPTVV'Q#3C?=C//--]Y\$PXXWY0#

-.NB@8TXWW7@##C;8H(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!#
M#CGCC(,..NB,,\XYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF#/....,8\XXXZ#
M#CKHH(

..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCC'
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKEE',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIAC3CGED(
..NB@
M@\XYY92##CKHH(



MCC?HH(
..NB48XXYZ)QC#CKFF&
..NB@@\XYYIR##CKFG'

B<
M@PXZYX0SSCCFF'




..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`-...*
@XXYYX@33CC@
MH(

M3CGEC'

8TXYY9Q3CCCAG%....&`\TTYY)!3



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M4PXZYIR#CCGHF'





MF'




7*F2








M





M
\XYYY#_0\XYYXQC3CGDH%-...*84TXXXGP#3CGDD%
..N.



-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CGCC',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:88PXZ
MZ*##CKGC#/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXXPSSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



--^-\



..N*$X\TWXWP##CCC
MH(




XXXX(SCS3?@C`-..-V
TTTWY:!SSCG=C----^%\4TXYW8`##CC=
MC+/-..)TLPTXWW2#S3CC;`
.-MAP(TXYY:`SSCCC8#..-]]@(PXXX(SS#3C@

-.NB@`\XXXX0S#CC@?!/.-]Z4`PXX_]^4`TXW




PXW

.-MB4@XXYY7`C3C?=8#..-]^
TTTX
MX8R#S3?@F..-..&`@\TWX8#CS3C@A`/...B@8PXWXHPS3C?==#
....
\PTX
MY9`#3C?CC%
.-]]XXXTWXHCS#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/../_CC'
..NB@@\XYXXR##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,.-NB@@PXYWYQS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NA@@PTZ

-..@@XXYWJ#SCGF@/
--MB`\PTXXXPS#CGC@(
..NB8\PTX



\XXXZ!SSCG;?`/.-^B@`\XW
MY8PSSCCDC#

-..$P\TVXXS#3?GH#/....0
\XX
MXXS##3?=C`
...B@4XXYX*#S#3CEC#/...,,__...4`PXZZ&###3C@A(--

@TXYY8!3#CC?F(
-

-.-^@@PTVV(#SS3CCC(..


-
M..68\PTVYI0SSCCHH'-..-MP@\TWX'PS#CGHH+
--^68@PTXZ*`S3C?@?#/.


M_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZWGSCC3CAC#,.
M-MZ$`PXZZ*##CKHH(


..=UX
\XXX(Q#SCC?F+/--]Z(X\TWWX#C33C@?/
-..!XTTTYY:!S



M.&_?NI$;-PX;.FS8Q'W[]NW;-W#AOG4K5PZ=N6[=NI'#A@T=.G/EN'D;)PX;


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..MY\XXTXX(Q##C;?@!


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKE;`
..-N4X\TWX(R##3;H8+
--^*
P\TVWX2##CKE=!..
M...

\XXXY#S#3C;@(
--MR(4PXYZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3H








MCCGHG&




M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N5\
M4TXYWXPSSCCF?(
--NA@
XXXW6#333?@C(
..N9TTTTWYHQ#SCCCC(
--MQ\
M`\XWX7!33CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGDH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ)@SSCCDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKF?(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M8PXXX)CS#3GDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCHH(
..N20@PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M0\XXZ/^@@\XXY)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CGDE',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZYYQ3CCCED%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@8XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@`Q!TZ
J!0X?NV[ANW;J1\_;-&S9PW[Y]Z]8-G#ATZ
J!
M*U?N&[ENW;:-`_?MVS=PX+QU&S=N_QLZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH&/...B@@PXZY)##CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#SCCHH(/...20@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYY91S#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MY913#CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.




F3.'#ITY=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.




4TXYY9A#3CGED&
..NB
0PXZY90CSC?EE#/.
M.=A@

..NB@4\XXZ*!##CGHH(
.



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#C
MS3CC=





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..-B48PXXY6#
M#3CEF%,.-]^$$PXZYGSS3?8@/
-.N.0
PXZX)1CSCCC@//-...`\\TXXX#S




M3CG@8#

X\W_-]Z@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB44\XYYZ#CCGHG&


MY9QSSCGGG'/..=V88XXYYIC333?GH(

..NB@4TXY
MYZ!CCCGFF(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!CSCCDC(
..NB@@\XXXYR##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHC#/....,(PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4\XXXYPC#CGE
MG(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@$PXZZ*##CKHH(

MX8B##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYZ*!##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..N24
TXY
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYY)2##CKAB(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB44TXYX:##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)PSSCCDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYI2#3CCBH(,..NB@4\XYYZ!3#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)Q3#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*`C#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF$,..N*$@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



M#CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH=/,-..B@4TXYXGPSSCCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NAX
XXXX9@SSCCEG$


.

8TXYY9Q3SCGGC%

4PXZZ*`S
M#CC?@#

@\TXXYAS
MSCCCE(




MSO^9&V?.'+IRZ

IA&V?.W+EQ

S=N7#ESYLR9



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZY7R##CKHB!-..-Z4






.-..*
P\TWWH##C3CCE(-.

.-]N`XPTWVX`33CGEA
/-...
@XTWWXSS#3KHH./-
M..-T
\XWWH`S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#





MSCC8H(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


-.MA\`\XXW8#SS3C@;




M@PXZY733C3?FC#

@PTVVX`33CCB=#....B4LPTWWG`CSCC?F`/.-^/_
MD#/...B

PXYXXR##CKE@(
..MB@@PTVV(#S#3CFH/
-.-^

\XXXX!3CCGC
MC


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XWW'!3SC;DC(
-...

M@#..-^.


MF'
..N.
0\XXX7SSC3?8@`/..-V``PXWX'33S3C@H(
..NB@@PXZXY`S#CK8
MH(
.-N%X\XTWYZ#CCG=@`-..-A\`\XXW8`#CC?@E%/.-]^`$PXZZ&#33G@
MC#/..-Y\XPTVX'CC33C=C#
..N=X\PTXY'3333?C@`/...-\`TXYW'SSC3C8
MG'

..=Z$@PTVZ&##CKH?/,-_SC8@%-..=^4(TXX
MXJ##CKCC(
..MB0TTTWW9C333?=@..--]V
TTTWX(R##CKE@%-..=Z4TTTW




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(-...*@@PXZZ*#CCGF
MF(
..NB@(PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZYYQ3SCGCC(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





MYI13#CKGF'

.



.
M.NB@8XXYZ)B##CKGH'
.0

M0W?N'#ITY\Z=0V?.W#ETY\Z=0W?.W#ESY\RA

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H3



.8<\XYXW13CCGC@#/...244TXY_^.<4TXY


M.=Y\
\XYYI@SSCGDD$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-WKAPZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H3M';APZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB88XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MX6#S3CHH(-..=V0,PXZZ*##CKHH(


M.-V0@PXZZ(`3CCC8B`-....`LPTWWI#CC3?HH$/.-]Z$XPTWW(03#C;8C#
.

/-..-T4TXWW92#S3CCC(
..NA\0TXWW9#C#3C@C(
.
M.NAX(PXVV(S#S3CC?
/_C3CB?&
..NB@@XTXXVR##3KH8
--..*
@PTXWX33



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)QSSCCCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKA8(/-..B@@TXYW8PS
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NA@@PTZYFS#33C@;

-.-V@@PXZX)13
M#CKH8(

..MB@
\XXWWPS

.-MB(

MP\TXXW133C?=E(/-...(@PXZZ'@S3C?=C.
-.-^
@PXZZ'@3#C;8C
/-...`
ML\TXXX!C#CKHH(.-..)P@PTZZ&SC3CBC(,-..`T\TXXW33S3CC=#/.-MR$
M




R9

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB8`XXYYZ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGE(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
MSCGGE(

..NB@0TXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKGG#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/._SGCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ)ACCCGHH(,..NB@@TXYY:##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH8(,-.N5\`TXYV'S#3C@H(
..N44PXZYV##3CC=/
-..-\

..NB@@PXZV*!#SCCCD#
..=V`


M#CKHH(




..NB


..NB@


M@TXYX8CS#3KGG(/-..204TXYXXR##CGCC&/...B@@PXZWGPC3CCFF#


MD#/..=A@
XXYXXQS#CGDD(
..N:8
XXYY91#3CGHH#
....
@TXYW713CC?C


..NB04\XXYHPSCCGFD$/...B@@TXYWXPSSCGF

\XWYI`S#CGH
MC#
....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..MY\XXTXX(Q#CC??C#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#1NZ







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE@&-..=]P
M(\XXY'#CS3?==#
..=N


MB(
..N2

MF(
.-MB
P\TWX'C#S3GFH`..-]]X`XXWWXS3S3CCC$/...-T(PXXWWRSS3GG
MH#
..-]\4PXVV*##3C@E+/--]Y@T\TXXIR#CC??C//-...`P\TWX(0CSCCC
M8',..NAX,\XWX(C3S3CD=#/.-^!T(\XVW*#SCCB@#..-]^
T\TWX)0#SCCC



PXXVW`SCC?_X(`SCC?BA`

MW713CC?AA,.-N*$TPTXY(R#3CG@?(,..N.0TTTWY(SC#3CCD(/-.-MPXXTX
MV&`S#CKHG(/-.-UT,XXWZ*##C;HH(...=MPXTTWVW`3#CC88#
.-]^`TPTV

WKENW;N/`A?LV#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'






MG'


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

P\TVWX2##CKCC(
..NB`X\TW
MVXSSS3??C.---^5L\TTWW713#CKHH(
..NB@@\XWX)2##C;8C

-.-]\L\TY


.-]N@@XXXXX0C_\XWWHS3#3C?F`/...-\`\XXY'133C?=E(/-
M...








MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@8XXYY:!SSCGG
MF&



<<\XYZ*!C3CGHH(


..NC_H(
..NB@8PXZ

B<8PXZXH@S#CKHH(



MYYAS3CGHH(
8<TXYYYR##CKHF'


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




VSMLW


'#ANV

W;MRX;^:^@4



&KAPX

&KARX;^;



?0
W;IRY

MWV`SSCCCD#
..NB4`PXZZ&##S3?@A(
..NA@@PXVV'P##C;8H//-...

\XX
MXW0#SCCC@


`\XWWH#C3GEC#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&..


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


\XXW73SS3?8H(
--N)\\PTXY:#333?DH(
..MZ`@PTV



M.-V`


-..6`
\XXW7`SSCCHG---

/--^!@
PXYXXPS#CKHE+.-
M-]^$\\TWX'R##CKH8(-...%\X\TWX'C#33GE=+

M-]V`
TXWW7`S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKDD(
..N.

..NB@@PXYZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXXQS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_





.

..NB84PXZYYQSSCGHG'
<<PXZYYQSSCGGF',..O_BC
..NB@@\XYYYQCCCGHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%


24<TXYWX#SCC==&/...20




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

:<


MG#ESYLR9


J9
S?NG#ESX\Z5*S?N

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(


MH(

M@\XXXHRS#3?=E/.--^&(@PTVXXB##3;@B----^-TTTTWXX!CCCGHC./--^%T
MTTTWY7#S#3C=8#/...-@X\TWXW0S#CGCC$/..-V(`\XWY7P#SC?EH%

M
\XXX8`SSCC=E
/--N!TLPTWWVS#3?BE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!SSCCHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK?F%,..-Y\XPTVXY`S#CCE8(,-.-Z``PXYZ(#SC3G?
MF%,..-YTTPTWXXPS#CKHC#/...48\XWV'SS#3CEH(/..-V(0TXYX(PS#CGE
M@`-..-B8@PTVV*`#SC?8?`/.-^2
@PXZZ(Q#SCCE8/
-..5P`\XWX82##3;F
M8(
--NB`
\XXXXPSSCC@;`
...5PLPTWZ*`CSCC=;(
--N6
0\XXX)3#S3;@
M;
/--N``TXXVY2##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MX)1CSC???`
.-N.


--M]\@PTV
MY'3S#3CCC(
..NB

M..!T\PTXY8@3CCCHH/..-YP,\XXWG0SSCC@G/.--^!\\XTWX'SSS3?=C,/-
M-NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE@./--^/_=,,--^*,$XXXWH0##CCCC`/.
M-^0@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

W?.G+ESY\Z=






.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@_X
..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(,..N:8,PXYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MXXPCCCCAF+
--P!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N20@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q3CCGGC(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@XXYYXR##CKHA(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@4XXYYIB##CKHH(,..NB40PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ(2##CKHC'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ(PSSCCGH(
.

..NB0
\XXY(Q33CGEH(

M#CKHH(

@PXZZ(B#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M4TXYZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZX(0CSCCHH(...=R,,PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


MD(
..NB@

MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK@8(/-..B88TXWX8@S#CKHH(

..NB
\PTXXW@#SC?C















\XYZ(PSSCGGF$/....8
PXYXY0S#CKGH/\SCCGF

@PXYY(Q#SCCDC(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##C;HD%,..-UX\PTZZ*##CKHH(

MY'33#3CCH(-..=^@@PXVX)13#CKHC#

PXYXW3S#3CCH(

MXW0##CCC@%...=]@8TXYW'P33CC?F(







MX[9-.-V
(PXZZ*##CKHH#...-A@(\XXV*##3;C8$/...B@\PTXY9`SSCC@
MC#/....
LPTWWX2##3;HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MC(





XXYYHPSCCGFC(


\XX
MXXR##CKHH(


\XXYYPS3CGHH(
..NB@4\XX




B@@PXZY*!SCCGEH(/.
M..244PXYYZ#3CGGH`

C1LWSAPZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0






M;


XXWX(PS#C;H8(
-..5@@PTXX'P#3CGHH(
..=QTT\TXXYA3#C;@
MH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`CSCC88#...-B@@PTVXV`SSCCHH/
-..6

PXYX(Q#SCCDC+
--^`@PTV
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH=`
...B@0TXYXH`SSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZ

`\XXXXR##3GD8&-.
M-]V
0TXXX9#S3GG;&,.-MB(4PXXWZ#SCCCG(


(PXXX80C#CG?@//-
M..B@@_\..N64(TXWXXPSSCCHH(/--^*$

..NB@0TXWWGPS3C?@@.
-..64\\TW

--N.
T\TVXXP#CCG==/--.-Y\TTTW
MX(#SS3CA@(
..NB@@PXZYI3S#3KCC$/....0TPTXXHR##CKDD-.--^.
`PXV
MXH3CS3?CC#


.

-.-M\XPTVX)13#CG=@`
.
M-^!X\\TWWX@C#CKH?.
-.-A\`\XWXJ##CK@D%-.-]V``XXWZ*#SCC==-/-
M.-UTT\TWWG33#3G@8(

-
M-N!\XPTVXXPS#CG=@`

..NB@TTTWYIC333?8H(
-


\XXXXSSC3??@(
--NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ(03
MCCCAC#/...A@@PXZV*`S#CGCH#/...-PTTTWW(`SSCCB;(
..N6`@\XXXXP#
M3CGEH(
..NB@@PXZZ&`SSC??C-






M#ATV=.C


.

.



.

<<\XYYYQS


..N6@@XXYYIAS
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(






.
M.N.$8TXYV(`SSCCFH(
..NB@



..N:
LPTWZ&##CKC8(,--N.4`\XWZ(P3CCCEH(,-
M-NB4$PXXZ*##CKH8/]3CCG?@(
--NB@@PXZZ)CS#3CHC#/...B@@PXZZ)R#


M#C;8E(

..NB@@XTYY7PS
M3CCBE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*!3SCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X



--N5\`PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCDH(


TXWW9ACSCCBE&-..=Z84\XYV(PSSCC8C#....684PXXX&#
M#3KCD#,..NB@@PXZZ&##3KG8(

\XXYJ#
M#CK_Z*`S#CG=B%-..=Z4@\XYV(`S#CGH8&...=^@4TXYX&##CKDA(
..NB@
M@PXZYHS#S3;H8(

XXXX9B##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/.-]QL4PXWXXP#3C?EE(
..NB@

/--^5LPXTYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@\XXXZ##C;HC$/..-N
(PXWX'C3S3GHH(/..=N@@\XXXH0CCC?=C#
...5X

..N.
@PXZV(#CS3??G(
..NB@


MC+

\XXZ*##CKHD!-...B$0PXYX)##3;D=-.-..&@@PXZZ*#SC?@
MF%/.-^@`TXYY7`#SCCC8'
.-MB4@_\..NB@@XXWWXA3#C;8F
.-..*`XTTX
MX(#C33CAH(
..NB@@PTXWWPS3C?=@%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



B<<\XY
MYIASSCGEG'

..NB@@PXZZ)AC3CGFG'


..NB88XXYZ)QSSCGHF(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ)R##CKGG(


PXYYI1SSCGE

8XXYZ)Q##CGCG$

ME(



4TXWW92##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

...-LPXTW
MXJ#CCG;C-.-]B
0TXWXGSC#3CA=-/-..-LP\TXW6`SCCC@?/.--]R
$PXX

--N-X`\XWWX0#SC?A=/
-..!\4PXYX)0##CC8C(
..N5T0TXY

\XXV'QC3CG?A(
--MQX(TXX

--N*
@PTV
MXV#SC3?B=!....!XP\TVX(3333?FH#....&(\XTWY'3S#3C@=$-.-]V
\\TW

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


-
M-N9T\PTXXG@SSCC=A#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(




..N64
\XXZ)Q#SCCGH%/...:@@XXYXXPS
MSCCFE$

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M@PTVX(`SSCCCF(
--MV`

-..6@


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#EVY;N/&E0-'3CG=C----^*4@PTVXXP#SC?=C#
.


M3CGE@$


T\TXW7AS
M#CKFF#
.-N.




(\XWY8#S33?CC#/..-B
M
PXYXZ##C;BA-...:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@







M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZY7#S#3CDG(

..NB`4PXZZ(2#C3GFH(/...1T
M\PTVV)2##CC?F---..*(@PXZZ(CSS3CCF/

..NB@
T[_-]V`
\XXXZ!#SCC8
M8(/....
LXTXXXP#3CGHH(
..NB@`XXYXY`S#CKCC#
..NB@@PXVZ*!#3C??
M@(/-.-UT`XXYZ*!3#CCHH(/....
@PXVWX`CCC?GG(/-.-Y\4PXWX'Q3#C;=

PXZZ*##CK@?&-..=MP\TTYV&`SCC?FE,---]MP\PTZZ*`#CC?=
M=(,.-NB@,PXYXY`S#CKHH(/.-]QL`\XXV&##CK88(
..N.

PXZWX#C33CD

QY

Z50X?N'+ISY\Z=
M



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N5P\PTXY9R##3;D


..MB
PTTWW7`S3CCAA!
..NB`4PXZZ'QCSC?@
MH(
..NAL(\XXXX!3#CKH@%


--...
`TXY

MY






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(








MH(
.-MB@8XXWWI3C33GE8(.--]]\0PXVV(R##CKHH%/.-MR@@\XXXXS3C3CC
MC.
-.NB0$PXXX(R#S3CCH(
-.NB
$XXYY6!S#CGE@#
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)Q#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGED(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MY8!##CG8G----^-P`PXXXV!SSCG8E#/....@@PXZZ*#S#3CEF+

\XXY*##CKH@%-..=V00PXY
MW71##CGHH#/..-V`\PTXWH`SSCC=?#/..-N``PXZZ*##C;8H%
...@`TXW
MW8R##C?;@%-.-]V,@PXZZ'P##CC?H(/....,@\XXXXPCCC??=&/.-^4T\TX
MY*##3KHC#,..NA@$XXWW_]T4PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(







.




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(









M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIR##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGCC$

TXYY9@SCCGG





MX\:-


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




...%\XPTXX9`S3CG=
MA,...B@@XXYW8@SCC?8C#/..-^($TXWY'P#CCCC8(,-.N.,,PXYV)!#SCC8
MD$,...-@@\TXYJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



...!\8\XY
MW70S#CCAB#/..-A@0PXXXXS3C3CED(
..N*
`TXXXHSSC3C==&
..NB@\TTX
MW71#SCCCC#

TXWXHA3#C;HH#/..-A@

..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXX2##CK8H$/...1@TTTW
MWICS#3CHF+,--^0TTTWXICSC3?AE(
..NB@@PTVZ)BS#3?@E(

4PXY
MX8@#3CCDC(
..NB@8TXYW8@C#CGC=`

--..)T(XXW


MW&!33C?=@%

..NB`\TTXX9#S#3CEE/

/--^64@PTZY)0##CKHH`..-]UT@TXWW71S#CKHH(/.
M-^:4@PXVWX#3S3C88`/...B@@\XXXXR##CK?@%


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

0XXXXW0S
MSCCC@%
..NA@@\XYYY0#SCCCH(..-]]@@TTYY7`#CCGF8`

M#CKHH#/....@@PXVV*`SSCCC8#
.-MB84PXXWZ`SSCCCC#
..NB@@PXZZ(PS

`TXWYYP#SCC@?`-..=A@@PXVXXR#33G88(/--^B@@PTZY9CC
M33GHG(
-.N64`PXZZ*`#SCCBB#/...2

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKDA(,..N)XTTTWYF!SSCG8E,/--N0P\TVX(S#S3;?@

M@PTVX(S#S3;@C$
..=U\L\TVX:`#3CCC=/
-..:@4XXYX)3SS3CC=/



\XXXW`C#CKH8(-...!\



M@2



'KIPY;^?0H3/W#1TZ=-C`@0

V3ERX;]W&

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N2$@PXZX7S333?F
M8'...=B4P\TVX)2S#3?@C+
--^!\PPTWWW2#SCGHH(


BA0_\73IRW;N;

WCMPX=.C0H4


M#CK??----^:

..NB
0\XXZ)0#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(






MH(


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@TXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@
XXWW8A3#CKHH(
..NB@`PXXX'Q#SCGGD'..

.


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..N.

PXYXYACSCCFD$


..N.0
XXY



\XXYIQ#SCCCG(
.
M.N2



M.'/HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*'SUJV;


M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


XXYYI@SSCCCD#/...:8
XXYYYQ#3CGHH$..



MSCCCH(

4PXYZ)0SSCCEH(





W





MAPX=.G3HT*%#]ZU;MV_FT*%#APX=NG/8S)E#=ZY;-W#=Q(7S]LW;-V_CPHGS

..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
PXXWX`SSCC@A!....B@@TXWXXP#
MSCC@@#...=UT
PXXXXR#S3CFF(.-.=]X(XXWY90#3C?CC/\S#CKHH-/--^B@
M@PXZY)#33GHH(,..NB@@\XXXZ##C;C8(
-.=^

PXVXYAC#C;F8(
-.NB@
3&





M.-^84TXYX)QS#C;BF%
...B
0\XXZ*##CK@A-.-^9@@PTZXXPS#C;D8(
-



.-N.``\XXYJ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZW8PS3CCAG',.
M.NB@@\XY_]R48\XYYV#33G8?`....&($XXXX8@3CCC=D$-.-^1@@\TXWGSC
MC3C=D$-.-^1XTPTZY'`CCCCBH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@




VCMLV





'KIPY=-C`??
VCMLV

M#C;EF-


XXXVY13
M#CCHC#/...B@@PXZX(0CCC?G8(
-.N.0
PXWX&##3KHH(/.-^684_\...B8
M4\XWZ*#3CG@H(/..-Y\`PXVXW33#3CGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKC=-,--^1@@\TYZ*##CKC=----^6$
M`PXWX80C3CCBA-...*$(TXWW9QS3C?D8(/-.-QTTXTXW9!#3C?C=----^5X
MTTTWX*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'


M@XXWWYB#CCCC8(.-..-@
PXVV)2#CCGE?%
..N=@
PXVV)2##3KHE!
..NB4
M\TTYYFR##C;8H(


M@PXYX80S3C?BB&/.-^:4\PTZXX@SSC?EF'
.-N!\
PXZZ*##CKHH',.-MA@
M@\TXXXR#SCCDC(,..NB@`XXWY(PSCCCEF&-.-][_=&...=^`,XXXZ*`SSCC@
M?(/....,8TXXX8##CKFF#
.-]^
0\XXWWSC#3;8E%/.-^B

\XXZ*##CK?
M@/--..A@@PTZXXPSSC?@8(,-.NB@@PXXYIACCC?HD%-...B@@TXYWZ#SCCA
MF%
.-N.((TXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB8\PTZZ)PSSCCCH%
..-^0(TXYYI0##CC8
M8(/....
@PXZYICS#3KDE`
..-^``PXZZ*!3SC?EE

-.MA@@PXZZ*#SC?F
ME&/.-^64XXTYWWA3SCGHH(,._S;@?%,...!\$XXYWGR#3CG@A-.-^.(4PXX


MYI@S#C?@C#/...!X\PTVV)13#CCHC#

-.N.
0PXX




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ(Q#SCCHD----]V0@PXZ








R9


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





M#CKHG%

RA


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'

MSCGCC%/...2




M@PXZXXQCCCGFC#

@PXZY*`S#CGCC/]CCCGGC(
..N6@
\XXYIQ3#CKH



\XXXXR#CCGFC#/...288PXZZ)!CSCCCC&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


M@PXVXXS333GDD(

M
PXZV&`S#CCCF&

-.=B

TXWXI1##C;H

..N=LPXTYV)!#3CCCC#
..MB

TXWYG33S3C@


-.N.`\XTXWZ##CKG=./-.-V,,PXXX(PSSC?F
ME&/.-^$(\XXXX#S#3CCA$

4TXYZ*`#SC?B
MC#/....`4TXYV(S333?AA`/.-^)T8XXYV(PSSCCHH(
..NB@8XXYXV`SSCCD
M?(
..M^
`PXXXYB##CK_Z&`SSCCC8#/....`$XXXXX0C3CCAF(
..N=T
\XX


--^.`
\XX
MXV!##CG8E-


B1&P?N&[AQZ
R9&X=MW+AQ

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKEG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYY)2##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88PXZZ*##CKH




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@8\XWZ*##C?AB#/_CC?A@%,..M^`4PXZZ*##C;HH%

-..:@@PXXY7S#3C8H(,...6@@PXVX'33S3CHH(,...5\`PXW
MWY`S#CKH?./-.-V($PXWXW33#3C8F%,....0,PXZZ'P#CC???`,..NB@@PXV
MZ)A3SC;@;,--.=Q\`PXYX6#C3GHH(/.-^)TTTTXW(PSSCCHC#/...@@PXX
MY7P##CKCD#,..MZ84PXZXXPS#CKCD#/....@@PXXWGSC#3C??.--.``9!^X;
MN'+;_\2)ZR;NFS=SW\:)^S:NG+EMX,B50X?N&SAOX=AZQ8.'3ILYKIU(S?N




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..N*$$\XXZ*#CCC8H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZXH0#SCCCE%/...B00\XXYI`S#CKDC#...=^44\XYY9R##CKD
MH$

$XXXWX0##CCBE(
..NB
\PTXXX0SSCCHE#



MC!....:

0\XXWHASSCGH
MH$/...68



MX8`S3CCAC(
..NB@4\XXY)R##3C@E(

MY9@SCCGFF$/....4TTTYY*!CSC?@E#

..NB8
XXY
MYI!#3CGEH#


...20@PXYYZ`SCCG88#
..NB@8\XX

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CCHH(/.
M-N*(,\XWX(13#CK@?&,..NB@@PXVZ*!3SC?AA!-...:8@TTXZ*#3CG@?(-.




MZ*#SC??=---.=Q\`TXYZ*#3CCAA!
..N.

PXZZ*##CK8H(/..-U\`PXV
MXW33#3CFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKBA`/...B@@TXXV*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N*$$XXX
MXY13SCCHD$/...:

.<@PXZ
MZ*!#3CGA=#/._SCDA#/...B4,\XXYZ##CK?B!-....0(TXXYHQSSCGDD%-.

\XXY9@S#CGGE$
.




B<@PXZWX`SCCGGG-,-..B@@PTXY)0SSCC@@`,...B@@TTY
MYYR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXVZ*!CCC?EE//-..*(4PXZZ*##C;EE&

MXXQCSCGEE`/...B@_S....B@(\XXV&`S#C;EF(/..=A@@PTVXXPC#C??@(
.

..MY\LPTYVW`CSC?88(--

.-^*



.-N.((TXYZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZW&##3CHH(
.
M.MB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK8H(




`PXXW8C#
MS3;DC#/...-T(XXXW(ASSCGHB!








.
M.NA@@\XXXXR#SCGG;#/.-^4T\TXY*#3CGD8'..-]^(

-.-^

-..6@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK8H(/.-^:@@PXZV*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

0\XXV*##CC8C$,.-N&@
M@PXZXG#CS3?;E`/.-^4`\XWY8!3CCGHC#/....








.-MZ``TXYZ(PSSCCH8(
-.N,,\XXXXQ#SCCF@(,-
M-NA@@PTVZ*##3;HH%...=^@@PTVX)2##CKH?$/....0\XTWWZ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)1C3CGFH(

..NB88TXYZ)R#








<8TXYYIASSCGHH(



@`Y-RY<^C.G3N'[MPY=.C0H4-W#AVZ<^?0

MH4





W[ALZ=-S
H4.'#ATZ=.:^H4



M33G?@%-.-^.



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MF(
..NB@@\XYYY1S#CKHG'



..NB@8XXYYIR#SCGF


.P@0/G#5PYYG1##CKHH%/.-N:8@TW_.=^`
M(XXWX'Q3#CCEE(-..=UT
\XXY(Q#3C?@@,..NB@@\TWWX#S3C@?#..-^B@
MLXTYZ*##CKHH%,...B@,PXYXY`SCC?@@
..NB@(XXWW70S#CG@?.
-.-^`
M\TTYX'Q33C?EE(/....

M(\XWY92#33G@?`..-]UT
\XXXH0C#CKHH'
.-N64LTTYWX!#3C?DC$/....@

M
PXYW8PS#CKE@`-.-]]\`XXXX(PSCC?C@//-_S?HH(/.-]]@@PTXY7P#SCC=
M;

-.-B(
XXWV(Q#SCC=?.
-.-Z$`PXVX8#SS3?C


M@/
-.-Z0
PXYXXS#S3;=@./--]Y@$XXXWHCSC3?AH'/..=]X(TXXWY2##CKH
M?%-..=UT`PXXWJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X


:8<\XYYIR#SCGHH&



MYYQSSCGFG(




M

M


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$
..NB@@\XY
MYY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



:1PX:-W#APW\-PX8-.=^,,PXXXXPSSC?@
MD#,..NA@@PTYVZ#CCC8F&/..-B0
__..-Z

TXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



TXYY8B##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY)0S_\XYXH13
MSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZY)##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N20@PXZZ*#
M#CKCC',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8XXYY91##CKHG$
..NB@@PXZZ*`#

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#1PX=.G+HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..N20@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`SSC?@@#/.-^:44PXXWX`3SCCDC(

..-^


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(





PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..MB@@XXYVX#S
M33GHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



.
M.N2
8XXYYXQCCCGB@#/...&



M#CGC=%..-]^


MCCGF@$



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCCC(
....

PXXWX`SCCGCC#
.-]^`

.-MA@@TTYX'PSSCCHH%
...64
M`\XWV&`33CGC8(
-.NB

\XXW8@SSCC88(
--N.`\TTWZ&##3CDC$....6@
M@\XXY*##CKH8(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK@@!/.-]B48\XWW(#S
MS3C?D#/.-^
0\XVWX#S#3?B8(
-..*@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,...6@@PXVXWS

..O_?B(
--N*`
M`\XWYGS#S3;@A(
--N.@@PXZX(C333??A./--^6@@PXZV(S#S3;?C----^%\
M
\XXWWPSSCC@8#/..-Q\
XXXW92##CKE@/
-...
P\TVWX3333?C8#/...!L
M`\XWYJ!3CCG@?!

M`TXXXF`SSCC8B!-..-Z
\\TWX(R#3CGE@/--..)L

..NB@
M\\TWWH`##CC?C(
..NB
0\XXXXS3C3CC@.



..NB

..-A@
PXZZ*#SC3C88-..-^`4PXXVW#SC3C88#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@\XXY(R#SC?FE&/.-^`XPTXY(PS3CC@?(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@\XWYJ##C;H8(,--N!\`XXYZ(133CGH
MG(,--M^0TTTWX(SS#3CE?(,--NB@@PXZX)2##3;E@/,-..6`0PXYWWR##3;H
MH(,..MB@\PTXV)1#SCCCH(,..MB@@PTVV*#S#3CDC$/...2,0\XXX&##CK8
M8(
..N4@PXZY8#S#3CCD----^
`\XWZ&#SC3??8`
...6@8TXYWX!3CCG?
MF(
..N.

MC$/...2
@PXZYW#C_PTWVWQ#SCCD?&/.-^4\PTZZ*`#SCCDC$..-]]X@PXZ
MZ(PSSCCDC`,.-]M@`\XWX)R#SCCDC%,.-MB`@PXZZ*##3KH8(
.-MA@\PTX
MWYR#SCCCB#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK@E&/..-B48\XWY'SCC3?@C#/...2,,TXWX(PS3CC;C#/.-]Z@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

`\XW
MYH##3;HH(,..M^8@PTVYH`#SC?F?$,..=YX@PTVZ*##CK8H`
..-B4
\XX
MXZ##CK8H(,--MB@`\XWXXPSSCCCC#/...!@@PXZV&##CK?F(
..N:`\PTX
MX_^





MX+!]\P9NG+=OWL9UZS8.G3ESW]=0P?.&SAPY,5




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



1Y^^;M'+IQY+IU(T?N
MFS=LV

..NB@@\XWY:##C;H8(.-.-Y\X\TY
MZ)C333?@@(,--N
TTTWX'SS#3CE?/.--^&@@PXZX)2##3;F?/..-Y@X\TW
MX'CSS3?@H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


M.W?.'#ITZ


M.W?.W#GFG(
B@<PXZ







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@TXYXXQC#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGCC&
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N.,,\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*!CCCGFH(,..NB@4TXYY*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGD
MH,..NB@4\XYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYYYPC#CKHH(
..NB@8XXYZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZY)`3#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYY91SSCCHH(,..NB@0PXZX8B##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

0=.C0H4


W[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

\XY

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




MC#

\XYZ)R#SCCCG(/....88PXZ
MYHPSCCGFF&
..N:
0\XXZ(PSSCCGF&




\XX
MYI`SSCCFC(
..N2



MXY`SSCCDC#/...:


M_^2@

4TXYY)R#SCCDF#/...28
PXZZ)`S#CGCC#
.





MW3APW[J)V\9MW#=NV\:-PX;M'#IPX


7;MRX;MW*;1


'



M@#
.-]M\TTTWWHRSS3CBD(/_#CKHH./-..*
(\XWWH2##3KH8`
...$P\TW
MX'2##CKHB.--..`$TXWW8`S#C;8G(/.-^&$T\TXXXPS#CG?@+.-...
$TXW

PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

0PXZ

.
M.NB@@\XYXXQ#3CGCE%/....

TXYY*#3CGGC#/...6,,\XXYJ##CKDC#/.
M...44\XYZ)!33CGCC#

..N:
0XXYYIAC#CKFC#/.

0\XXYYACSCCCF&/...288PXZZ*#CCGDF&,..N.,,XXYZ*##CGCC$/.
M..:8@PXZY)0SSCCCG(

\XXY)ACCCGHC#/...:

PXYYHR##CKDC#/.
M...

M&X=NW+ESY\:5*S?NW+AQZ
BA0V=NG#ESY



M81O'S3;C@+
--^*`8XXYZ(P##CC=B+
--^.`LPTWXHR##3;GH`/.-^-\\PTX
AX$XXXX(#333?C=----^2@\PTXY:!SSCG<?----^`TPTX
MX(`S3C?==#

.--]Z(@PXZ
MZ&!33C?=_X`33C?=C---..&
@PTXX)3S33CB@+
-..!T@\TXXZ!S3C?=B/
-


\XVW'C333?=C
.-
M...4@PXZZ*#CS3CBC!..-]^$@PTZZ&`3SC?@A

-.-]T@PXZZ(CC33CA@`-.
M-]V`
PXVV)R##CC@A-/-..2

\XXX(##33CCD`..-^.
PXTXX833S3CEE+/-
M-^&(@TXYWWP3CCC88#
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXWX/]\@PXZZ*!#
M#C;EE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXWXH@3CCG==-,-.MA@$PXXY93C
MC3CAA#,....,,\XWZ*!3SC?HH(-.-]V44XXXW8PSSCC=F&-.-^-TT\TYV(@3
M#CCEH(,..MB,,\XXX'33S3CC@/.-.-^,(XXYY:##CKHH(...=V

TXYW8PS


MXYQS#CKC?`/.-^1\`TXYYGP##C;CC#
..NB84TXWXY!3#C;B?`...=V(
TXW
MYZ##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.M^84\XWV)1CSCCCD#,..NB`\XTYXXPS#CGE@/,-.N5LPTTWXV##3K8C#
.
M-N-@@PTZV*##C;?F%,...5@@PTXZ&##CKH@&-..=B@@PTVWGR##3;CC(
.
M.NB0

--N9@$TXXZ*#S#3CCD#

-
M-N-T\PTXXV!3CCG;?!-...B@XXTWW'C#S3;DC`
...6`4TXYX*##CK8H(,-
M-NA@@PTVX'QSSCGH@%...=^0\XTWWV`##CC?G(,..MB@\PTXXXR##O\ZZ(!C
M3CG?F/,-.-A\\PTXY:`3#CCEH%-..=N``TXXX)0#SCCCC`/.-]Z`,PXYXZ#
MSCCCD%


MSCCC8!/.-^,,XXYY6S#3C?A(
-.NB@8\XWX*#S3?@E(,..NB`4\XXXXR#
M33CAH(/.-^40\XXXY`SSCCDC$-.-]Y\0\XWX)P3#C?;E(
..NB@@PTZZ)S#


MSCCCC$/..-^`(XXWW73#33?CC`-..=A@\PW_.N.
TPTXXXR#SCCCC%
..-A@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-.N.
0PXZZ*#SC?FE(,.
M.N&$$TXXXYS#3C@?(
..NB@
\XXZ*##3CCC#,...`4PXVW733#3;FE`-.
M.=QL`PXVZ*SC3CCC(,.-NB@4PXWX'Q3#CKHH(,.-NB@4PXWX(SC3G?@%-.

TXYW70CCCCDC-

MS3C=@`
..=N``PXVZ(PSSCCHH(
..N9X\XTWYI1C#CCHH(
..NB
0\XXZ'P#

.-N,,PXZZ)1CSC;@E%,.-MU\XTTYX*#CCCCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#3;H=$

M\PTXZ*`SCCC@C/.--^.
TTTWXX!3CCG?H(

MX\TWV'P#SC??A/.--]^8@PXZXH#CS3?CC(
..NB(X\TWX)0#SC?D=`/.-^2@

-.-^8`PXYY70S3C?=@#/....@@\XXXW3333GEB!
..NB@
M8TXWW8P#3CGE@-/--^(@PXZZ&##CKH@%....&`XPTZYW1#SC?@E+---]V`


MCC??E(
.-MB`
PXZZ*#CCGE@(/.-^


MSCCCC,..NB,,XXXXW0CCCGE@%/.-^@
\XXXXA3#CKH8`/....@@\XXXXR#
MCCCCC(/--^,@PXZZ*!3SC?HH#-...:4@PTXXXQC#CKHH&..-^B@@\XXXXR#
M#CGCD#-...:44PXXWX##3KDC#
..NB@@TXXY)2#SCG88(
--N.

--N*84\XWZ*##CKHC#/...B``\XXXWP##C;EG&,..NB8
M4\XWY:!S#C;C8(.-.=^@@XXXXZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ)ACSCGGG&



F3MW#ITY=.C





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M`PXZZ)0#SCCCC(....*

.-]N@

M

..NB@

ME&

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKGH`






F4.'#AVZ







M8PXZYIAC3CCDH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


PXXWWRS#3GDC`
..NB@@PXZZ)3#S3?@
MC
.-..*@\TTYYI3S#3KH@%
.-]N`

M@.




PXZZ*##C;HH%,.0+ZA0P?.
M&[=MX[I]\S8.W;ESV]-&R?.&[AOW

._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB84XXYYYB##CKHG(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGGG(
48TXY


..NB@8T[_


.




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MD',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N20@XXX
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ)!##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XXYZ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCG&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZY9R##CKGC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CSCCCF$


8TXYY8QS#CKHH(
..NB(8PXYY(R##CGEC&
.

PXYZ*`SSCCHH#/...B@



M.=A@0PXVXXQCSCGDC&
..NB@8TXWXHSC#3GDD'







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@8\XXXYA3#CGDE&

@TXYY8QCCCGFF&

@PXYY(QC



8_\..NB@@PXYXXQC#CGDD'/...:4

M4PXZZ*!33C?CB/
64$PY`P)DS-^X<.7+DT*$;




M&T=NW#ETYI@SCCGDC#

M#CKHH(
..N6
4TXYXZ!CCCGEH(
..NB0
\XXYO^

M4TXYYZ`SSCCCG(
..NB@
\XXYXQ#SCCCD(
..NB0@PXZZ(PSSCCCH#/...:@
M0PXYXY0SSCCCC'
..NB

\XXXXQ3SCGGG%/....
8\XYZ(PS3CGEC#/....@
M@XXYYI2#3CGEF'/....4@TXYY9AC#CGCC#/...288PXZZ)#SCCCC(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#
...!L
M`TXXX'@SCC??@#/.-]Z$T\TWX(`S#CCA=#
.-MB

..NB@
M@PXZZ(!#CC??@#/.-][_C#
..``9-ZY;-W+DPG4;-Z[;N''CNG4C1P[=.6S8


MMHTC5P[=.6S8QF$;-VX;.&_>N)U#A\Z




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

.-N20`PXZZ(PS3C?C@/



PXZV(PS#CCCF&
..NA@
M@\TXXX`#3C?CC#
...)\`XXXZ*#CCCAA`/....``\XXYJ##CKA8(/-.=]T
MT\TXXX`##CG@H(
..N5TT\TXY73333G?C#-.-^&44TXWXY1##CC=C#/..-V
M
XXXX803#CG?B/.-^5@@PTYV*##CKG=#/..-V0TTTWXH2##CKHF----^*$
M
\XXX(PSSCC8D(
--N.`

M#CK8H/
-..-@$PXXX(PSSCCF8


PXZZ*`SSCCC8(
..-^8@PXZZ&##C;HH(,--N!\
M`\XYZ*!3#C?@A&,.-NB@@PTZX'PS#C;AA//-...,8PXVW&P#3CC88(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MC$/...B@@PXZZ&##3KC=-,-.-B,0TXWWYQS#CKH8(,-...`\PTWWY`SSC?F
MG(,.-NB@@PXVZ*##C;C=-
-..2@@PXZW(0CSCC@;+

..N2
@PXZXXS333?BB(
..NB4XTTWX8PS#CG=@`

MC5RW;^#
;1
7KMLX;]_&B=O&K1PX=.C0H3-7SENY;=RP@1LW#ERX;][.@2MG
M#ALZ=.BP?3-7[APV=.C0H4.'#IRW;MW


MT\TWXXQ##CG=?#
..=UT
\XXX'1##CG=?$




M=%

..N&`\XTWYW1##CG@
ME


.-NB@@XTXWGSCS3GHH%
...B@@PXV

-.-A@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!3#CCHH/..-QL(\XXZ*##3KFE

MX82#SC?FE%
.-^`4PXXY9AS#C;HH(/...2,0\XVX(#S#3KHE&/.-^B,,\XX
MZ*##CKHE&
...B44\XWX(0CCC?GH(





C2

MB1

M80

6#APZ=.C0


MH(
.-NB@@PXVWX`SSCCAB+--.=UT
\XYY8#S#3KHH(
..N.

PXZX'CSC3?@
M8(/-.-^44PXWX)13#C;@C#
..NB


MH(/..-V``PXVXGSCS3CHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

M8(

0PXYW8`SSCC=
M=#/...!T0PXYW8!#_PXYZ*#CS3?@8(
..MB$\XTWWIR##CKE@(
--NA@
XXX
MX'SSC3??8`/.-^6
X\TWVXQ#SCCDC----]]\\XTWWYB##CKH8/
-.-^`4TXY
MX7SCS3?CC`
...5@



..NB0TTTWW8SS#3KHH(/.


.-NB@(PXXWGQS3C?DD`-.





?4




W;MPV

..-^`@PTZZ*`SCCCH

(TXYY90##CC88#....64@\XWVW`S#C?B
MC.
B<P\TW
MYI1S#C?HH(,..NB@`\XXXH@S#CCEF(,..NB@L\TYXH3S#3CEE%-.-]]X@PXV
MZ*#S3C88#..-^:8`\XXZ*!S#C;88(/-.=^`4PXZZ*##C;HH(,.-N:4<\XW
MV&#33GFF!-...6`\PTZZ*##CKCD#,..N




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


.


<<\XYYYAS
MSCGGF&
..NB@@\XYYYAS3CGEH(
..NB8XTTYY:!SSCGFG#.....0(PXZZ``$
M'3ITZ
J=

ZA
V?N

J=.W?NG#ETZ
ZA*U?N



-.=A@

.-N.
PPTZXXS3#3??@%
.

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB00PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG&,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)1C3CGHF(






MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M8XXYYJ!SSCGGH(


..NB@

M@XXYZ*!S#CKHH'-..?_EF'






M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[_

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYYZ##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3GSJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*!S3CCAF&,..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCH(,..NB@@\XXY)AC#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M0PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!#3CCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYYZ##CKH
MD$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZYY13CCCHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB88XXYZ*##CKGE%

MH(

@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


0\XXXYAC#CKHD'/....
@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




8PXYYYQ3CCC@?&/...64(PXXXY!#3CGCC(


@PXZZ*`SSC?CC!/...B@4\XX



MXYQS3CGCE%-.-^6@@PXZX9AC#CGCH(
..NA\XXTXWX@S3CGHC#





WKMRY

W;MPY

W;MPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0C1L73EPW





.-N.0
PXXXG33C3GH
MH(
..NB@@PXZV*#SCCC?./-.-Z44\XVYV##3GAC#
....



MW9B##CKH@!...-V
TXTWXY3S#3C=D#/..-B


MX)2##CKHH`-...&$(TXXX9B##CKF=#

..NB
\PTX
MWXP#3CGFE`
.-MB
PTTYYG0S3CGE8$/....@@PXYXV!C#C;8C/.-..-X4PXX
MWW1#SCCCB-/-...0
PXZZ&`C3CCB@&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(





M;APZ=-Z^A0






PXVXXQC#C;FF-/-..!\\XTX
MXYQS#CKC@`
....(
PXXX8@S#CKGC#-.-^&44PXVZ(PS#CG8C#/...B@@TXY
MWH@SCC?C@`
...-@@PTZXXPS#C;CC#
<<\XXW8@C#CG8H(/...-@@XTYW8PSCCCHH(
..MUTTPTZ
M_]^(
XXXXW0C3CCAC`
....
TTTWXY2##3;BC(
--N.`
\XXYF`3CCC@C`/.
M-^,@PXZZ*##CK?B#/....
`\XWY(`##CCC@!.....
@PTVY'PC3CCBA&..

`TXYY9CS#3;8C+.-


../_@=#/....(T\TXXXPS
M#CKH8-...*$8PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@L\TYYXPS#C?;B!-.-]V
4PXXX``$&SILV





MH2


TXWW71##CKHH(
-.NB@8PXWWWC3S3;BA`
.-N.
PPTX
MW72#_\TXZ*#3CG==%/.-N*$`\XVX(#3#3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.-N!TT\TXV(`#SCCHH(/.-^:@@PXXYHPSSCCH8(
-
M.-V0


M#CK@E%

..NB@@PXZX'@3
M3CCH=-...B,,\XXZ'SSC3?AC,/--N`(\XXWHR##CK8F/
-..B4\PTXX&P#
M#CCCH(





-
M.-^`4XXYZ*!C3CG@H(


..NB@`XXYY8Q#SCCCD#/.-^!@@PTZZ(`S#CGC8(
.
M-MA@@\XWX)B#SCGG;/
--]M\

M#C;8H`

...!@@PXVV(C3S3CBH(
..-^8\XTYY8#
MS3???%,..NB@P\TYZ*`S3C??@#,...:4`PXVY93#S3?AA(,-.NB@@TXYX(!3
M#CCFE(,--]^``PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#C;HH%
...B@@PXVZ*!3SC?EE'
....
@\TXZ*#SC?DC(/-.-Y\@TXYX8#
M#C;HH(
.-N.

PXZYZ`#SCCFH(

..MB48TXXXWSC#3KEA`...-R

PXWWHPSCCCEH(..-]V4




M6[ARW[R9.P?NVSALX\AA



M..1\`TXYX'CS#3CD?`/.-]Y@@PTXWF#S3CC8(,-.MB``XXWW)13#O\ZYWS


--N!XP\TVY'0##CCDH(
..M^`\XTWWX2#


MCCC8H(


MT\TWWG!3#CC?8(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(..-^.(4PXVZ)SSC3G?@#,.-N608\XWZ*##C;H



M#CKCC#
..N44XXYWV##3K=C#/.-N,,PXVWX03#CKHC#/...B,,\XXXGCS
M33?F?`-..=V0,TXYX*#SCCCH(
.-N%X\TTWY:#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
=@



..N:8
M@PXZYJ!CSCGHF(

..NB@8XXYYYAC#CKH
MG'
..NB@8PXZYZ!S#CKGH(




MH%

M\TTWY92#33GAB.---^:8\TTYW70S#CKHH$-.-]UT0\XWYI0##CGHH(/.-^68
M`PXYW&P#SCC@?%-.-^2
@PTXX8!3#C;GG./-..&$
PXZVVP#CC?AA(
..MY\
MXTTXWGS333GHH%

..N.0
PXZWYA33CG@
M8(/-.=V
0\XVX(PS#C;@A`
..NB

MH(/...2@@PXVX7CS33?EH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(







MH'


..NB@@\XY



B44\XY
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ(PS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHE%/_SCCFH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


..NB@@PXZ
MZ)!#3CCHH(



..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)!##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYZ*##CKED%
..NB0@PXZ


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.






:90X?NW#AT
MY


W#MPW

MXXQS#CKHH(








M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


BA


S?N

.


PXYXYAC#CKHD'/....
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



...:8
\XYYI@S
M#C;GG#

PXYYYPS3CGHH(..-^*$
TXXXXQSSCCEE%-.-^60@\XYW71S
M3CGCC'/....(@PXZXHSSS3CA@#
..N60





MVSAQZ-A(X<-&[EQV+1`T=N'#AQW[RA


M^R9NW+ASZ





..N:

`PXXX(SS_PTXXHPS
M#CG?@#/...!T4TXYV(R##3;F8-...4$XXXV)@SSCC8C#/..-V
0TXYZ)S3
M33?CC(
--N.8@PXZZ)@SSCC8C#

MCCC?C`


.-N.


PXVX(`C3C?CC----]QL
M`XXXZ*#SC?AB#/.-^`

..N.(

.-N2
LPTXW72#S3C88-.-^

PXWXI1##CKE

--..!LP\TWW:##CKB@`-.-^-TT\TXX(PS3C?=
MC#,...
OG7;)BX<.&SC




..-^44PXZY8#S#3KF?`
.-N-\XPTZZ*#
MSC?FH(,.-N!TT\TXV(`#SCCHE&,...B@@\XXX_^@@TXYX)1C#C??E%,.-MU\
MXTTYYH#S#3KHH(..-^-TTXTXVY13#CCE=-/-..=@@PTXW8R##3;@C/.--^&4
M@PXZZ*##3;HC#/...B

\XXZ*`SSCCCH`/.-]Z$

M@PTVZ&#333??E
/--N*


M@PXZZ*##3;@C(,..NA@8TXYW8#CS3?AC/,-..0
\XXXX!3CCGH?#

M\TTYYJ`S#CGCC./-../_H(
..NB
0PXZZ'@C3C?=B+

@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

...$LTTYY(##3KH
M8(

M@#-.-^!\
PXXY9CS#3;HH(

@TTYX'Q#SCC==`/..-A@
M@PXVWX!3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#....B@
\XXV&`#SCCHH(/....
M@\XXX8A3#CKFF!-...:8
\XVZ*!S#C;88(/-..*

..N`
M,XXYY9CS#3KCC#,..N
0\XXWX`#SCCFC#



M?`/...:

PXXW:!S#CKF?.
-.N2$$PXVWY`S#CKHH(
...6@@PXVYH0CSCC8



MC#/...B@
PXYXZ#S#3CDF#/...!T@\XYX(P##CC?F(
--NA@0\XXV)2##3;8
M?(
..MB@4XXYWI2#SCGHH`
...6@@PTVZ*##CKHH(,..MB@0\XXX9B##3;C
MB%-._SGHH&-..=^`@PTVX9##CK?F#

\XXY&R#SCGHG(

MZ&#S#3CD@#/...:


MX(R##CKHC#
..NB(P\TXXW#C33C@E(/.-]Z8@\XXXXS3C3CBC.
-.NB4$PXX
MX(R#S3CCE`
..NB
(TXYYF##CGE?#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'







\XXXX0#CC??C#


M


MD-
-..!X`PXXWZ#CC???(/--^80TXWW7Q##CKHE----]V
@PXZZ&!CSC?@
MC#-.-]UT
XXWWH#3S3?@B(
-.NA@(\XWWG`SSCCCH(

\XXW70#CCC88(
.-N.(\XTYZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCHH/..-A@`\XXZ*#SCCDC(/...*(4\XYYI@C3CCF
MF#
.-^B@_W
.-MA@@\TXXHRS#3CCC#
..MY\8PXZX'PSCCGEE`
..N.

PXZ
MX(PSSCC@?`/...:

PXXW9QS#CKHF%
...B`\\TXY(`#SC?CF&
..NB

TXW
MXI133C?=F&




--NB

XXXZ(@S#CGHH/\SSCCCH`/.
M-^.8







W#ATZ=.C0




--N&
\PTXY8`3CCC??-...
\XTWY8#CS3??
M?

--]Y@`PXXWG!##CG=@+
--^!\@PXZZ(CSC3?CD#/..-AXP\TVY'0SSCCH
MD!-...9T\XTWWYC333?HH%-..=V
0\XXY(SC33??C(
..NAX`\XWWWP##CC8
MH(
--N6`
PXY_^-\TTTYY*!C3C?==$
.-MB@@PXZZ'C#S3?@E//--]Z`\PTZ
MZ*`S#CGCB//--]^


MWX##3C?E$-.-]V`0PXZZ)3333?=C(,..NA@4PXXWXQ#3C?==#/.-]]\XPTX
MX(B##3KH8/.-]]L

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'..
M-^!\\\TYV&!S3C?FF(/..-UT`\XXW73S#3G==./-.-QL`\XWZ*!#3CCHH!
.

(PXXXXS333?BA(
..M^`XPTXX83#S3GCD#
..M^84TXYX'P#SC?@C$/.

-







6SENW;N70H4
W;APZ

..NB@@PXZ
:@@\XYYZ#SCGC?`-.-^:8<PXZZ*##CKHG(

MYJ!CCCGFH(
:<@PXZ

B<TTTWYIQCSCGGA#/.

.
M.NB@@\XYYIB#SCGFH(


.

88\XYYZ#SCGGE(
.
<<XXYYIQSSCGGF'/_3CGEG'

<<TXYZ*!S3CGGG'


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






.
@@XXYZ)13SCGHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZY8PSCCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4TXYXYB##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..N&@

..NB@@TXYYZ##CGEH(,..NB@
M@PXZX9R##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


@PXZZ)##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH'
..NB@@PXZZ)!##CKBH(


M'3ITX\:9


..NB@@PXZ_^2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


XXYY913CCGDC#

\XXYI@SSCCF
ME(
..N:8
XXYXXQS3CGGG(/....



\XXZ)QCSCCCC&/...2
4\XXYYQSSCCF`


MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3BS)DC-PX=.G3GL&$;


S?.'#ITZ
R-&V?NW+AQX\J1


M

0\XXY8PSSCG8C#
...B
0XXYYI!#SCCHH(
..M^
M(PXYY9R#3CGGH(-..=V


B


\XXY8Q#SCC?H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N9T
\XXW9R##3;C

..NB4\PTXYF!CCCG8C#/...B
`PXXX(S#S3;G8$








MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@
M\\TXXWP#SCCCH'
.-MB

M?#/.-]Z`

M;
.-...
`/..-]X(PXXZ*##CCD
MD&/.-N*
T\TYVW##CKDE!/.-N.0LXTXWX#S3CBH(
..MZ
0XXWV(PC3CC?


PXVWHPS3C?C?.


MW8PSSC??D#
.-]Z((PXZZ&##3KHE%,..-B,,TXWW8Q#SC??C#-.-^6@@PXZ
MWHPS3C?;C
..NB

-..&`\\TW
MVXQ##CC@C$..-^%X\PTXWX0#3C?CA`
....@@XXYVXPC3CG;?.---]R$`PXX
MV(S#S3;@=(
--N-PX\TWXHS#S3;@=(
..NB$\PTXXH`3#CC=C!-..-N

\XX
MX*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.




V[ILW=.+&C4
W;MPX





\XXW8!##CG;@(
--NB0
\XXZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#SCCDC#



.-N.(TXTX

/-...
0\XXXXQ3SC?HH(

0\XXVWSC#3C8H(
.
M-MB@@\XWXY`S#CGCH(


\XXXY`S#CCHH(
..MB@@PXXV)A3#CKHC#/.
M...0
\XXY'33#3CCH(
..N48\XWZ&##3CF8(/--^!\\XTYXXPSSCCF8(/-





P\TV

--NB8\XTW
MWYB##CK8H#

..MB@@PTVW7Q3CCGHH#/....@@PTV


PXYW8@CSCCC=`
...1L_P/.
M-^5@TTTWW6!#SCC=@$
..=Q\@PTVZ(PSSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@\\TXXXPSSCCCH(
.-MB@@PTZZ&##3C?@',.
M.NB4PTTXX)B#33GF?(,.-MB,@\TXXX#33GFC#..-]V`
PXXWZ#SCC==
.
M.NB@@PTXWX`S#C;GG(

...:4`PXVXHS3C3CHH(..-]]X@PTVZ*`#
M3CCCC$-.-^!\
TXWX(`S#C;FE`/....

MS3CDC#/...2
8PXXZ*#SC?FF%,...B@@PTZV&##CKCB./--N:4`TXYX(`#
M#C;FH(
..N-@@\TXV(#SC3GCC#/..-Q\XPTXV``$'3ILV-A`S=NW+AQX]A




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4



\PTZY90##CCCD(/-..6`\PTZ
M_^.((TXYV)QS3CG@C#

..N.

PXZXX@C#CKBC#
.
M..!@@TTYWY1CSCGHG'




--O_8B(
..MB@
\XXXI2#
M#CK8H%

..=^88\XYY'AC

--MB

\XXXI13
M3CG?@(
--NB
0\XXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MXXTXX9R#S3GG?#-.-]UP
TXWW7SSS3?@H(/.-]]\(PXZZ*`3SC?==+/-..&$





MX\B-ZP9NG#ALZ+!A&^?MW#ETXKYYXS9NW#ARX[9QZ_8-'3ITXL:-*\?-VS=Q
MYKIU0X=.G#AOW

MV


WCERW

.

.-N*$\TTXWW@#SC?HH(..

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


\XXXJ#
M#C;HC$-.-^40PXVYW33C3GAD$

-..-PLPTXW8#S
MS3?=E%
..NB``TXYZ&##3KCD#/_3CCHA`/....($PXXZ*##CK8H#/....@
M@PTVXW0#SC?EH#/....@4XXYVX`SSCC@E`/.-^1@4TXYX7S333?F?/.--]R0
M@PXZYFP##CC?H(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



Z9


M[APZ=.C





..N64

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M@TXYZ)QC#CKHH(








..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB4
\XXYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGFH(

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY9R##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYHQ3#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CSCCCE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MG'
..NB@8PXZYIQS#CKFG%

MZ)AS#CKGG'









..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
ME#/...:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4PXYYJ##CKGC(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@8\XX
MXY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HR)4SAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3ES*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYY9QS3CGEH',..NB@@XXY
MYJ##CKHH(

MZ(QSSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZYY1CSCGCH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZXYR##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGC#..


PXZY(PSCCGFC#/..-V0
TXXWH@33CGGE%-...88\XXY*##CKHC#/.


\XXY90##CCHH'
.

;*D2-GCERY<N3
D2
;&


MQJ%##CGHC(
--N.@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(




M.-V
0TXWW9`SSC?FH(/..=B


M.-R
0\XXVX@33CCA?.
-.-B

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


/-


--N.@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CC@C#

..NB@@XTYY8`SSCCC;//--]A@4PXWWX`#

.-M]X`\XXXY#SS3??@$
...64
M`PXVZ*##3;HH`,.-M]X`\XXY(R##CKHH(/..-UT`\XXV&##C;88(
.-N.
M
\XXY'P##C;H8(
--NA\`TXYZ)A3#CCE?`-..=APLPTXX*##CK@?./-...,
M,\XXXY1CSC?A8(/-..!@@PTZX&#C3?@C$/...B@@PXZV(Q#SCCE@/
-.NB`
M`TXYV(#S#3C@E&

..-M\XPTXV)1CSC;@A`
..NB
M
\XXXY`SSCC_XX#S33C;E%
..N5PPTTWY'P##CK8?`-..=B``PXXWWSC#3CC
MC#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



:-&S=N'#IT




\XXYZ#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M$\XWWH#333?=D(,-.NA@`XXWWX#3S3CC@/.-]Z$XPTVV)33S3CC=`

M4TXWW70S#CKHH(/_33GE@#

M?(

//--^@@PXZWY1C#CKCD#...=UTTPTYY'33_XTY
MWX#SS3?8D$-.-^



:9



MC%
6<4TXXXIQ33CCB?&/....<0PXYY*##CGDC&/....@4\XXXYQ3SCGG
ME(
..NB0

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(




MC//-..&$
\XYXI!3SCCHH(
..N.



..N2


--N-@
\XX
MYHQSSCGFC(
--NB@`\XWXI!#3CGGE'

\XXY9A##CGCG$

MXIA3#CGCF#/...:


MZ*`CSCC?C!
....@4PXYXYR##CKH8#/..-V00PXZYXQC3O\YY)Q3CCCAG%-.
M..*`8\XXXYQ##CGDH(




@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXV

MY*#SCGA=-/-.-^($PXXV(PS#CC?;+,-.-YPLPTXX6#C3CA?/\#SC?;@/--
M.-V`\PTXYJ#SCCC8(.-.-V``\XXW7P##CC=C#/.-M^$(TXWXV#S3?EA`
.
M-]^``\XXW733#3G@8(/-..*



PXVXG33#3CC8(
-
M.MA\(TXXV(033CCHG+
--]]T`\XWX8R##3;C;`
..-U\$TXXW8`##CCFH/
-
M..%\
\XXW71##CG=E----^`TTTWXX##3;C8$/..-N`TTTWW8R##3;HH/
-
M..%\PPTWXV!SSCGHE!-..-R
XXTWX73_P\TVXG2##3;?E//--^*
`PXXW(SS
MC3?A=/


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)`SCCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/....

..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CG?@(
.
M.NB@@\XXXXR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##C;EE'
...68\PTVY9@S
MSCC@@(
-.MA@@PTZX'Q3#CKCC#

\XXX(03#C?EH(
..=QTTPTYXY1C
MSC?8H(
.-M^``PXVX'P#SC?F8(.-.=]@@\TWX(`#3CG@C#/...B@@\XXXV#
MC3G?C#/...

\XXX(Q#3C?@C#
...A@@PTXWG33#3?CC#
..-]\`TXYWX03
M#C;FH(
..NB@@PXZZ(Q#SCCH8(
-.M^48PXZX)1CSC?E@/
--MZ`\TTYZ)1C
MSC?CC#
..-YTTPTWY7SCS3CCC$
.-N6``\XXY&##3K8@%...=B4`\XWZ`D
M'+=MX



M#IVW;]ZPC2
W;MPX=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXYZ)!##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N60@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..-QL4PXWXY#C33?FF(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXVX'P3SC?FE`
..=UTP\TXX'R##3K88//--]MP
M8PXZY)33S3CCC#
..=]\XTTWY*#3CG==-/-.-M\`Q!OX+A0R?NVS=OX+Q]

M._^'3MPW;^#


'#ANY;MVZE0



PXYW7CS
MS3?D=-
-.NB@@PXVX'SCS3C?8(--.=V44PXZWH`##C;CC#


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


IUZ]9M'#=O

I]$Q?.V[=OX

.Z@1

7;APZ


..-Y\
TXXWGP#
MCC?@@`/.-^:4\TTYW713#CK?@.---^20TPTXY)#S33G@?#/...!\4PXXWW@3
MSC??@.

/-.-UTTTTYW'#C
MS3C88`/..-UT\\TVX'R#S3C==---_SG?@.
-.-^`@PXZV&`CSC?;;%/.-N:8
M@\TYW&QS#CKEE-/-..2
0\XXW70#CCCHH(


-.-B@@PXZZ&#33G@C#/..-U\XPTXY'33#3KHH(,.-M]\
MXXTXWF#33G=E%
..MZ`\PTVXY`SSCCCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M
PXYYY!#3CGHG(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






..NB8
M8\XYYJ!S#CKHF'


..NB@@\XYYYR##CKHE'
..NB@



..N:8

:8@TXYYYQSCCGF
MG(








MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..MZ



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MG#/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKED'
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGHG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MXYR##CKEG(,..NB@@PXZZ)1S#CKCG(,..N:8@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CKGH(


.
M.NB@@\XXXYR##CKHH(

.


.

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.

..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB44TXYY:##CKHD(


E2M'#ATZ=.C0H4.'



F2M7KAPZ=.C0H4.'



MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)53#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

@PXZY7133CGCE(
..NB4LPTWYHQ#3CGE@(
--NB
0TXYY9Q33CGGD(
.
M.NB

\XXZ)`SSCCFD(
..N2@@PXZY8QSSCGFC(

TXTWY(SC33?CB'
.

MSCCB?`....*4@PXYXY##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ







M#CC@E%/.-]B


..N.

PXZZ'P#
MSCCD;
.--^)@@\TXW'CS33CGH(
.-N-PL\TWXW3333C@C#/..-^(
\XXW71#
M#CGHE!-..-N
\XTWX(SSS3?B@(

..=Z`
\XXWX`S
MCCC8H(

TTTWW8P33CC@C(
..N1TTTTWX7A3


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#-.-]^`,PXVZ*#

MC3GCC$/.-^2
TPTXXXRS#3C@A(/_33G@D#

....

\XVW)13#CC8H(
.-MB@


-.MB`

..NA@

@PXZYGP#SC?FC#/...B4`\XWX)@SSCCC
M@(
--M^8



PXXWYB##3C?F+
-.-^$@PXZZ&`#CCGE
MH%

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..@!!A_\.'3ITZ-A



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MC#
.-N&@@PXZV*##CCCD#,.-]N84PXXV*##C;8H(
...6@@\XXXY`SSCCC

MZ(#SS3CCC#


\XXXXQ#SCCF@(
..N=P\XTW
MW'@#SC?CC$/....

PXYXY0#SC?8H(
--M^8@PXZZ&##CK88`/.-^`X\TW
MX&!3CCGCC(


M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

XXWX'P#SC?GG(...-]X`TXY


XXWW&PS3C?==#

MXWP#3C???`..-^!X\\TWX(#SC3G=D$


0TXWX(@S#CKG?.
-







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




<<\XY
MYYQCSCGGG'


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HS(TC5PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

MT*%3SCCCF(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYIB##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB00\XXZ*#
MSCCCH',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYXY`SSCCFD#
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHC$/...:,,PXYZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCF(,..NB@@PXZYXR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKED(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKGE(,..NB@@_\..NB88XXYY9##CKHH(

..NB@

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYHQ33CGHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)Q3#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@\XYYY2##CKHH%/....8@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH%/....8@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@0PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG'/...B@
M@PXZXYQS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD$/...B@@\XXXYQS#CKHH(
..NB@

M;MPY=.C0H4.'[MPX=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C*E4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C.E4.'#ATZ=.C0F3-GKEPY=.C0H4.'
M[EPY=.C0H2-'KMPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.?.C4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@PXZYY0S


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCC'

..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEE$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH,..NB@@\XXYYR#CCGFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYY91SSCCH
MH(



F2
W;ERY;N7*H4
W;MPX=.;






MH1

@PXYXXQ33C?EE(
..M^`XXTXYI@SCCGHH(

8\XYXXQ3



..NB@
\XXY8PSSCC?H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N=T
M
\XXX(S_
\XXXI@SSCCGD$


MC(
..N2
8XXYY*!CCCGCG%

@\XXY)@SSCCC


..NB@\\TX

V?.G#ER
MY
:9

:9
V=NG#ER


MZ-A&P?NV[ARY]5

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H=N&#1LX=.C0H1LG+APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@
M@PXVV*!3#C?;B/

/--^&$T\TXX83SS3CHH(...-Y\

..-UT
M


MC#/.-]^


M@//-.-V(


MH'


MD#-.-]UP`\XWXVPC3CCC@/
-..!\
\XXY&SSC3?BH'
..MB
TTTW_^-X@PXZ
MZ)`3#CC;C$/...@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

V?.G#ASYL9A
V=NG#EOW\*)

M'3ITZ

MW+ARZ-A,V?.G#ESY,B-,V?.W#ASW\-(S=NW+ARY

T=N'+9SX\:5`R=.


M@PXZXWACSCCCF`/_CCGE?(
..NB@


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*###3;8
M?(
..NB@
TXXXJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M?-
-.NB@@PTZZ*!CSC?@8`..-]MP


..-UT
PXVWX#C_PTW
MW&PCSCCHH(/...`LPTXX(33S3C@A`/...B@@TXXWW@33C?CC%..-^.(,TXW
MW70SCC?AA----^.,TXTXYYB#SCC?@#..-^`
TXXW7@S3C?EE(
..MA@XXTX
MV&`CSCCHH(
.-N.(P\TWWWC#S3C?@`/.-^-X\\TXW8Q#CC?@C#-..-V

\XW


--N-P
\XXX&P#SC?A
B----^-T<\XYZ*##3;B<#/...!L\XTWXWR##CKH
M_Y0#SC?8C
/--N.4@PXZYW0SSCC8@./--]N`$TXXWG#S#3C@?#....B@4TXY

..-U@
\XXXZ##CKB@#,..-]P\TTY
MYH##CKHC!
...,`TXYYGS##3C?=(,..NB@@XXWWXS3S3CC@&,..NB@L\TY
MYWP3CC??D/....@@XXWWX0##CCA=#-.-]UT0PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##C;8H%,..-^8@PTWV_^`$PXZZ*S#3KGH%/.
M-^!@@PTXX'PS#CGCD#
...B@@TXYVW#3S3C@?(-..=A@
PXYXXPSSCCCC%
.
M.-MP\\TVWW@#SCC==`/....

-
M..:4`PXVYI0SSCCHH'/.-M]X@PTXZ*`SSCCHH`..-^!\0\XXYI2##3CFF`/.

.-]UT

.

-.M^

\XXY(PS#C?=D#

M..2(
TXWW)1C#CKE@//-../_@/--.=MTTPU`QG';Q@T=.G/EP*'#AHW;MW#@



MT*$3UZT;MW'DQH%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H





.-NA@@\TWYHPSSCCCH(
..NB@@PXX
MY8Q#SCC@H(
.-MN`\TTXXW33C3CHH(
....

PXYXWP#SCCCF%
...B@@\XX
MY'P##C;H?`/....

\XXV'P##CK8?./--]A\`TXYX(PS#CGE8(
-..6`\PTZ
MZ'P#3CGCD#/.-^B@@PXZWY@SSCC8?/
-...
@PXZV*`##O\XXXP#SC?F8/
-
M.-Z`
\XXWGR##CKHC#/....
@PTVZ&#SC3??8`/.-^:

\XXXW0##CCCH(
.

\XXX&QSCCGHF`/.
M-^9\8TXYV'#S#3C@A(


.-MB@`\XXY(R##CKHH(
-.NB`4PXYXXPSSCCCH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*`CCC???`/...-@XTTXX:##CKHH(
#-...*(`\XXW70#
MCC?<;-,-.-QL`PXV`!$7[ILW<-^^B4.'#MVW;^P?2M7#MRX;MVXC4.'[EPW
M;]^^??L&;ERW;][(=0







TXW

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M-^!\TTTWY)#33G@?#/..-]X`PXXWGS333GHH(,.-N.,,\XXY'P#3C?@?`..
M-^.,,XXXX9AC3C?@B#,.-NA@@\TXWH#S33GHH(/.-]]TTTTXWGSC3G?F%
.

M#3G@;
.--]AX\\TWV(PCSC??D#-.-]V00\XWYH`##CKHD$-.-]V




M@XXXX8#CS3CCC(
..NB@TXTYYH#C33?=G`

M!!PY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H3-7







..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#C;H8(.-.-]\`TXY_^B@@PXXWG33#3C?;

..NB4TTTWVXR##3;H8/.--^!@
M`\XWWW0SSCCD=/

!]^_8-'#9SY_^P

0
'#ARY;MW0H4.';MRX;]_`80-GKMPW=.C0


73MRW;^/(C4.'#AVZ;N;

MH4




F4-W[MPY=.;

<$XXXWWR#




<<\XYYYAS
MSCGGF(






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
<<PXZY91SCCGHH'
..N:8
B<8PXZY'33#3KH





F3MGSMPY
M=.;



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB0
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY)##CKHH(,..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYYYR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB

\XYZ*#3CGF
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..N:88PXYY:##CKHH(,..NB88\XXXZ##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ(B##CKH
MH(

MZ*!SSCGEH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

MXY##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)AC3CGEE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ(QS#CKHF&


@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF(
..NB@@\XYY92##CKHH%

MG(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCD'

..NB@@PXZ


..NB88XXY
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N.40TXY
MVYAC#CKB@`/...&

PXZY8Q#SCGHC#
...&$_T

PXYYY##CKD?(,.
M.N.`,\XXY8QSSCGDE(,..NB@0PXYZ)#SCGE8#

.











MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)A#SCCE


..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYJ#SCGGC(

.
M.NB@@TXYY)2#SCGEE(

.


..NB@@PXZYYQ3#CKHH(

..NB

\XXYHPS#CGHH(
..NB@@PXZYY13#CKHH(
.

..O_HH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKG=#/...

PXYX9@SSCCGE$
.




\XYYXQ3CCCC?#


..N200PXZYZ!3SCGEE&/...&$
\XYX8AS
MSCCFF(/-..:8@PXZWGP3#CCBB%
..N.
0PXZZ*!33C?BC.


`\XXY9`SSCGDD$
..NB@\XTXY91SSCCEE$

M..&$XTTYW713#CKBC`/..-]\`\XXVW#CC3CHH%
.-^*
TPTVZ*##3CAB`-.
M.-Y\,\XWX8#33?BB#-.-]UTPPTXXJ#SCG=B#..-]^(,PXZY7SC3C=8(/-
M.-^

TXWX8PS#C;@E&..-^)\`PXVX(033C?CA!
....@@XXXX(Q#CC?@C$/.
M-M^$(PXZXW33S3C??.
--^.``PXXXV#S3CD?./-..-TTTTWXW33S3CFH(,.
M-N-PLPTXWGSS3C@C#-.-]V00\XWV(PS#C?HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXXR##CKHC#/..-]P\PTXW7P33CC=@`/.-^:@
\XXXW0S
MCCCFH$/...-@
\XXVZ##CK?A./--^.`0\XXW'@#SC?A=#/..-^(,\XXWX`S
M#CKHG-/-..)X\XTXXJ#CC??C-
-.-^$T\TXXW33#3GDH%/.-]Z$$PXVV)2#

M`PXZZ)S3S3CCC!-.-]V

H3-7CINX;MVV

MNHT+MXT;N''8L(WKUJT;.73ES'D3APW;MV_CQGT#Y^W;-G#@PG4SAPY=N6[E



\XXY(PSSC?@F(
-
M-]N``\XXXG0S#CKH?&/...2
\PTZZ*`SSCCCC#/....
T\TWX(R#SCCC=-.
M.=^`4PXXZ*#S3C88#
.-N`8\XXXXS3#?\XXXP##CKHH(,..N*(P\TWVW!3
M#C;HH(,--M^`\PTXY9@#CC?@@#,.-N$@PTXWX`SSCCHH(


XXYV&`#
M#CKCB-
--^64`PXYW70#SCCCD%
...B@@PXZXXPS#CCEF#/...!\@PXZXXPS
MSCCCC#/..-YT`\XXZ*!3#CCHH(
--NB@@\TWYI3SC3GCD#/...68\PTXW'`#
MSC??@#..-]^@@TXYX*##C;?F%,..N9\`PXZV&##3K8H(
...-@@PTXX(PS
M#CGE@/

M`XXWX)!3#CC8H(
.-NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


.-MB`@PXVV(!3#CC?8%
..NA@`PXXWYR#


PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@$\XWWWC_`TXYYGQ33C?=C$-.-]V,`XXWWWP##CC??
..NB0
MTTTWW8P##CKHH%-.-]V0
PXYXY#3#3C?C(/...2
?//--^:4
M0TXWX'Q#3C?DD!/.-]]\

-.N&`\XTWZ'33#3G@E&/.-MV``PXVWYA3#CCC
M=----^.@@PXYW9`S#CGCD#-.-^((PXZY'P#3C???//--^.0,PXZW9!#SCCD
M=-/--^1TTPTXY'P#3C?GH(,.-NA@@TTXWWSSS3CCD$-.-^00\XWV*##C;A
MC#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



&


M8TXYX(PSSCCHH%...=^8\PTXV*`##CCCC#

--NB@


M`\XWWW2S#3?C8!
...!X\PTXY*`S#CGCE(

M@PXZYH!3#CC@E(
--]N``PXZZ*##S3GGH%/.-^!@@PTXWX`SSCCCD#
...@
M@XXY_^6`4PXVV(##C;8@%
...!@8PXZZ&#S#3C?G(/...2
`TXYYHPS#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


`PXZZ)Q33C?=
MC#/....

.-N.
TPTWXXS3#3C?




!U



ME/
-.-]\LPTWXY`SSCCC=#/...B8TTTWW9##3;HH(,..N*`,\XXWHQ#SCCD
MC`,...%\(\XXV*##3;HH/..-Z`4TXYWY#333?@D(,..N5\@PXZZ&##CKB

MY'0##CCDH%-..=M\@PTVX)B##3;GA/.--]Z`4TXYWY2##CKF=#
..-^8\XTW
MWWP##CKHH$-.-]U\



TXWW8R#3CGE@%/.-^!X\TTX
MX8CC#3C?D-/--^$\XTWWYB#3CGD=#-.-]UT8PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MYLZA








X?.W+ER
MZ


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
B@<PXZYIAS#CKG


MYYQSSCGGH(


:@@\XYZ)QCSCGEH(

MZ)AS#CKGH(





<<\XYY9QSSCGHH(








MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CSCCCD(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)13SCCFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)1S
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N6


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#O\=.G3ER(TSAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ

H4.'#MVX



MN7+HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3FS)E#APX=.G3GRI5#APX=NG+ET*$[5PX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=NG+FS)DK5PX=NG/ET*%#APX=.G3GPI4CAPXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N20@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..N:88XXYYIB##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ASSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'




M#CGDA&/....84PXYY)0C#CC?F(/....$
PXZZ(PS#CKHC#
..NB@
XXWWYPS
M3CGED$



TXXXI@S#CGDC!/....4TTTYY:!##CKGE'




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





M

..-^4$\XVW(PS#C;8@.
--]N`
M(X[_-]V8@PXYY713CC??@#
..NB@@XTXXVP#3CGF?//--^8@XXYY713#CC?
M=#,.-MB,\\TWX(S333GDH#/...-@,XXWWWSSS3?@C.,-..
`PXVV(S##3KH

MX80C#C;EH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY7`CCCC=
M8(
..MAX(XXXYZ`SSCC@C$/..-V

MC./--^&`@PXZYVPSCCC=A$-..=N(LPTWWWPCSCCC8#
.-]N@_X/.-]Z(\TTX
MX70S3C?==$
..NB

PXZZ*#SC3GE@+
-..!T`PXXX73S#3C@F(/...-X`PXY

TTTY
MY:`CSCCC8..-]]\\\TWX(SSS3?@C/,--MB,LPTZZ*`C#CC==#-.-^.,,\XX
MXXS333G88#/.-N`TPTWWX#3#3;CC+




M6[=QWL!&^=-7#APV-AP_9-W+AQV


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




.



M`X?N&SAOX

\XXXZ#SCCCC&/.-^!@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




..NB48XXYZ)ACSCGHH(..


.
M.N:@@PXZYYR##CKFG(
@4XXYYIR##CKFH(
.


.






M#CKHG&

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`
M!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(







..NB@




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_D
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXXYQS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@0PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H3.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/...:@
M@XXYX_^@@PXZZ*##CKHG#....B@@PXZZ*!##CGHH$

MH$

8XXYX9A33CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.






MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


MZ



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCDD(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKBB#/....
8PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..N1TTXTXWI!##C?C=-
-.-V44TXWXH@S
M3C?_Y'###3C=D----]V

..`#9

MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXW0SCCCAA/.--^5T`\XWX'0SSCC==$/.
M.-^`\XTWW(0##CC;@----^B@$_^..-Z`@PTVXZ!SSCG8C+
--^&$`PXXWG!S
MSCGE@(
..NB
TTTWW9##C3CA@(/-..-L\TTXXF`S#CKHE!/.-]Z(LPTXWWP#
MSCCC?/

..NB

MSC?@;#/...-T
\XWX)3S33C@?

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


\XXXY`SSCCCH&/.-^!@

-.-^
M


PXYXWS33GF_WR#S3GF
M;//--^!@@PXVV&#SC?@C#

@PXZZ*`S#CGC?

MC(
...68
\XXX'PSSCC@?&/.-^B@@PTWWGSS#3;HH(
-..68
\XXY(S3#3CC
MC(-..=QL\\TVXHB#S3CDC`



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYH###3?@
ME$/....`


M8(




..NB
0TXY


&SERY;^C
E0.'




&



3&H4/W

MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



:-



M@0/G+9RW;]W*H4




F#IRW;^/(C2


MC0

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_H8(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.






MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYJ##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
MCCGFH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@\XYYZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZY9R##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0

MG4
WCMPY=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT)$[=PY=.7+ET*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT)TK5PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)4C5PX=NG+D

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:8`\XYZ*!3SCGCD',..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZYYQ3#CGHH(
..NB@@\XXYYB##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZY)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(....B@@XXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCC#/...B@@PXZY*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#CCGCD#/...:
0PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!3#CGGH(
..NB@@PXZYX13#CGHE'

..NB@0PXYZ*!#3CGEH(

MZ*!33CGDH'
..N6
8XXYYI2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`S#CGCC$/...B@@PXZ

R9


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C

W[APZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4

M=.C0H4

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C
F4.'[MPX=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C*G4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYXQ33CGF


..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGG

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4TXYY:#3CGEG(
..NB@@PXZZ)AC#CGE

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGEH(,..NB0$PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYICSS3GHH$,..N.,8PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
<@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N20@PXZ


..NB@@PXZ

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N.,0\XXYZ##CKDH(



M#ATZ=.C0F3-G#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C(H4.'

M#ATZ=.C$H4.';MPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@TXXY9QS#CKH
MH(
..NB40TXYZ)ASSCCHH(
..NB@@XXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGF

..N:8_X

@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N=T

MZ(Q##CGHH%...=V(\XTWY)!SSCGCF$



4TXY
MY9!3#CKHC//-...@@XXWWX1CSCCCG/^##CKHC/

\XYYX13SCCDG(
.
M.NB4

0PXZZ(Q#CCGFD%

M-]V4@\XYZ&!#CCGFC'



M...
@\XXXXQSSCCFF&

@\XXY(R##CKGG!
.-N.
@PXZYYPS3C?FE#-.

PXZYI@S#CK88#
..NB@4PXYY)!CCCGFF$-.
M-^60@PXZY93_
\XYY)!#CCGHH(
..N.00\XYY)`SSCGFF$
.-NB@`Q!TX[Z9
M

V=NW#ERY
:9
M^^9-W#ETZ
Z-



PXZ
MXXQ##CKHH'




MXY!#CCGDF&


\XYYHPS#C;HH(
...*00TXY
MYY13SCGHF&


M-^:



.<0PXYY*##CKAF#/.
M..6@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


-..!T
PXVV'PC


TXWW8CS
M#3;8C(
..NB4$\XVW)#C#3CCD/





TXWX'P#
M3C?CC#
.-N-@@\TXW'P#3C?=C#


\XWW(PS
MSC?A=-
--^-TTPTVWY13CC?BB#/.-]R

XXWX733#3C;@/---^B@@PXVY803
M#C?8C$
.-N*((PXZZ*#SCC?D#..-^0
PXWWHB##CKH8%...=U\(XXXW8S3
M33?AC(
--N.
\\TWX8S#3??=(,--N.@@PXZX&P##CCBH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB`

.-MB





-


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXVV*!3#CC?E(/--MR`$PXZZ)3#S3?@A/.-]Z@@XTYVW#S
M33C88(,.-M^`4PXZZ*##3K@?#/...B@@PXXY9CSC3G?@(/--]^`4PXZXXS3

..NB@

...6

PXYV(0##CKH?./--]B

\XXY6#S3?H8(,--N
M
PXYZ'SCS3?8C#/...9@@PTVW'P#3CCHH(

@PXZZ&`#SC?E@%-..=B@\PTXX_]@$TXXXXPSSCCF
M``0;MVW@PF'#A@X=.G3?R'G[Y@T=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#





\XXX'!CSCGHC#

`\XWZ&#
M#3;HH(,..N4
\XXY(PSSCCC@(


M@TTYYHPS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#3C?=G(,..NB@@PTZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PTZX'Q#SCCHH(/.-^:4`TXYX(#C3?@?%,..N.0TXTXY90#3O\YWX##C;C
MC(/-.-A@`XXYXXPS3C??@#
...B@@XXXW70C#CKEF/
-.-Y\TPTWXXQ#3CG8
M8`
....


0\XXZ)1CSC;@A`/..-Z@@PXVYFS#S3?A8`
0;.BP?0-7#ATZ=-_


MA0N'#IVW;]ZPC2



MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



XXWX(@S
M#C;HH(

XXWW)13#CCE@/
-.NB$
M(XXWWWP#3CG?C#-.-]N


..-YT
MTTTYZ)QC3C???`/.-N!@@PTXY9!#3C?@D$-.-^,,\XXX)13#C;D=-,-...0
M,\XXY'33S3CHH(,.-N=\\XTWXF##3KHH(...-]LP\TXY(Q#SCCBA(

M\\TWWH@#SC?EH(
..N)\`\XWYGQ##CG=@


M8$

0\XXXY#CS3??A/.--^&@@PXZWWS333?C
M=
/--N-T
\XXZ)S333???(
--NA@@PXZZ)#333?@D/
-..6`LPTWWF##CKH
ME----]Z`X\TYYZ!33C?==#,..-^4`PXYY'2##CKHH!,...!X4TXWW6PS3C?=
MC`-.-]V$XPTWVX#S3CDC#

PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,\XXXZ`3SCCC
MC(/-...$,PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXVV*!3#CC?E`..-]]\`PXZ
MZ)SS#3C@@./-..*
\\TWWW@#SC?88(
.-N*



..NB@
M\\TWX(#C#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MG'
..NB@@TXYYY13#CKHH(

..NB@@\XYYIQSCCC?



<<\XYY:!SSCGFH(











..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ``$'3ITZ-A

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)1S#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG%

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZY9QS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C*G4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-7KMPY
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGG(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N:88PXZZ)133CGEH(,..NB,,\XYZ)13#CGHH(,..NB@@PXYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..N2@@XXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4TXYXYP3CCCEG(,..NB@@PXZZ*!#
M#CGHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!C
MCCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ(@SSCCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYHR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_





..NB40PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHE'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@\XYYXR##CKHH(
..O_HH(

@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKBC#

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYYQ3#CKHH(,..NB@4TXYZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88XXYZ*#
M#CK_Z*#3CCHH(,..N2$`PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.-N.8
M8\XYXY2##CKHE./--^.(@PTVX9Q33CGCG$









:A*U=N7#ERY
B9&S?NW+EQ



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD#/...A@
\XXYGQ##CGDF#/...28
\XXYGP3
MCCCAG#

..NB@@PXZWYA##CGCH%

0\XXY9Q3
M3CGFC(.-..&80\XXXZ!C#CGCD(
..NB@
PXYXZ!#CCCA@&/...-@(\XXXW@S




PXYY*!33CCB?(

M






M@PXZXH@#SCCAA#
..N60

MD&
..N.00PXZZ*##CGDD$,..N.,0XXYY(PS#CGFD#,..N:,0PXVZ*#SCG8

M@//-..&

\XYX913SCCGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(







M#CKBA`/..-[_C$-.-^`$TXWXWSC3C@;
/--]ATX\TXY73333G?=-.-.-]\


(PXXXWCSS3?C@/
--^*4

/--N$@PTVXH`#SC??;`,...!T
M`\XWX)B##CKHG,/--N-T`TXXY7R##3;C8#,..=R@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


@XTXX9A#SCCC
MH&/....0@PXZZ*`SSCCCH%....&`8PXYXV`3SCCC=#-...*8
\XYZ)!#3CGE


PXZZ*!SSCCCE'

MD(


PXZ

\XXYYPC#CGCC&
..N.
`\XX





M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=MW#ANF$;-ZY;.'#@S*$;




M?.
-.-Z($PXXX733C3GHB#
...-\XPTXXX#S#3?BE%

M8(/-.-M\`TXWWWRS#3??B(
--N&$`\XWWVP#SC?A=/
-..8@PXZZ)RS#3?B
M=!,...6`@PTVXV`SSCC;H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MW'Q#SCCC=#/..-B
`PXXVWP3CCC??`-..-Z4L\TVXGS#S3;CD(
..NB@@PXZ
MV(SSC3?@C/.--^.


..NB@$PXX





7#ERX;MW&C0/W#1PY=.C0


W#MRX;]_`C=O&S9LX=.C0C0
';ARW;]ZZ=0


.-MA@`\XWYYR#3CCEE(/..=A@`\XXW70#SCC@
?---..&$LTTYZ*#SC3GCC#

-..!\8PXV

--NB@\PTVWWP##CGHH#/...2
0\XXY'33#3CCH(/....@@\XY

.-]^$$PXV

..MB@@PXXV)1CSC?F?`-..=APLPTX
MVX#S#3KE@`-..=B`\PTZV(`#3CG@E%
..N-LPXTWW)!3SC?@E&/.-^9\`TXY

-
M..4@PTVY8##3;@?`
...6`
\XXXZ##CKHH./--]M\PPTWY7R##3;H8(,.
M.MB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M-]A\8TXYX&!C3CGDC`
...6``TXXVPD'#ITZ-A0X=MW#ARX\:1&X=N'+EQ
MX
IAPP8.'39PX

MV


\XX
MXXP##CKH8`


..NB@XTTX

M-]UT

M.=^84PXZ_^1TTPTXXGP#CC?@F%
...6`\XTYWWCSS3?@?.
-..1TT\TXWWSC

...)\XPTXY8#S33GHD%-.-^2

\XXXWP#
MSC?=E%


QUZ]:-
^??

MSIPY;.?


..=MTTPTX

0\XX
MY(P##CCC=./--]]\\\TWYZ##CK8G./_S3?@?/.--^!\@PXZZ)0##CCD=---
M-^.`@PXZZ*!33CG=C$/...2,TTTWX(B##CKHC$/...9T`\XWWWPS#CGC@%-.
M.=UT0\XXWV##CK8C----]R
TTTWX)#S#3CHH(
..N1TTTTWXX##CKHH/.
M.-]@@PXZV)#3C3?@D(
..NB`X\TWW9#333?@C$/...2
\XTWWX3#C3??8(
.
M.NB@@XTYYG33#3GD8(





..NB@@_\.0
RA
M.X?N'+ISZ

R=


RA







..-Z`
\XXXWQ33CG==#/...!@@PXZV(S3


M@PXZZ*!S#C;8E



PXZZ)Q33C?=C#/....
M`XXWWG1##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M@PXZZ)QCSCGGE(




MYLR=0W?NG+ESY\Z9


M#CKGG'

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYYIB#
<<XXXX(#CS3GFF'





M8\XYZ)QC#CKEG'








MH(
..NB88\XYZ)B##CKHH(

..NB`
\XXYZ!CSCGE
<<TXYY:!SCCGF`


M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)0SSCCFH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXXPSSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HSI4[=PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG+GSHE#

..NB@


\XXY)1#3CGDH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGEC(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N:(@PXZZ)0SCCCHH(
..NB@


..NB@@PXYY*#3CGEE(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGG
MC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGDH(
..NB@@PXZZ(QS#CKH
MH(
..NB(@PXZZ*!3#CGEE,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB88PXZZ*#3CGE
ME(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


PXZ
MYXQ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N&@@PXZZ*##D#0H2-'#ATZ=.C0


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZWH@3#C;CF&
.88XXYXYQC3CGCH'

MH'

--N.8@PXZZ)R##3;C8#/...:@

MYI!S#CGDH$
..-^@


\XY

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


V=NG+ESY\:9PX9M

WKILY=.C0F2



C2M7

C2/W

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

D1M7



MY9Q3CCGFC'
..NB@@XTYYI!CCCGFC&
.-MB08\XXXYQCSCCD8(
..NB$$XXW


MXV!SSCCCE&



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M-N-PLPW_.-YPL\TYZ)ACSC;CE%/.-MYTTTTWY6#S3C??//--^*,,PXWX&#
MS3;CD%
..NAX\\TXW8PS#CCFH'/..=R(TTTWX93S#3C8C(
--N-P@PXZZ)R#
M#3;C8#/..-R`X\TWVYR##CKE@(
..NB

PXYV(#CS3?;D./--]]@`Q!PW\R-

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(


..-^@4PXWVX@33C?=B/.--]^$@\XYYW#S33?=@!-.
M-]V

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MX+Z!&S=N'+EQY
:A

MYLJ!&S=N'+AQY


G;EPW

E0-7#ALV
M;M^$$PXZZ)1CSC;AF&
.-N9\`PXZV(PS#C;C8(
-..:
0\XXW7P#SCC?H(
.

..-R40PXZZ'SCS3?88(
-.NA@@XTYVX#S33C8H(
.
M..6@@TXYX*##C;8@/,-...,,\XWV*##CC8@/
-..2

\XXW7SS3CC@//-
M-]^,0\XXX6#C3GHH(/.-^:

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

PXVV)3#
MS3?@;`
..NA@@PXZZ'PSSCCCH(/.-^4@PTZZ&#S3?@@'
..NB`X\TX_^2
M


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@






M#3CCC-
-..`\TTWX'CSC3CHH(/..=V,0PXXY8`#CC?@?`,..NB48\XWZ*#

MS3?=E%
..NAX\\TWV(@3SC?B?.
-.-Z``\XWX'CS#3;FH(/..=QX\PTVXGCS
M_XTWXY`S#CC8?`..-^)X\XTWXXPSCCC?;
--.=V
0TXWX(PSSCCD=-
-.NB@
M@PXYW733S3C@H(
..NB

\XXXY`S3C?@B+

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
`,...%@,PXWVX`##CKHH(.--]]X@XTXXW0C#C;8F+,-.-]P\PTZZ&##CKH
M@#




M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*`SCC??8(,.-MB(X\TWWIR#SCGF?-/-..-T`\XWWWR#
M#CGD_W13#CC?B..-..)X`PXXWWC333GDH(....&`\\TXY(R##CKHH
....
MXTTYX(#C33C88(

$PXZZ*!S3C?==`
.-NB@@PTXXXS3#3C@@`-.-^!X

--N6@@\XYVWSC#3;A?./--^.

PXXV(`#SC?A
M?./--^.0
\XXWGS33G=C#-.-^
0\XXY'33#3KHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(








..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH(

..NB@@PXZY91SSCGGG'
..N:88\XYYYQSSCGF
MF'


MZ)13SCGHH(




MG'
B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCCC'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ``$'3ITZ-A
M0_^'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXXXQS_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&-.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZY92##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MSCCHH(

\XXYIB#

M#CKHH(
..NB40PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MCCCAH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#SCCCE(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYZ*#CCCHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


XXYXXPS
M#CKDH(


XXYX913#CGEH(/....88PXZXH`#SCCAC#
..N.

TXYW93_


..NB`
M8XXYXYB##CKGD#/...B8
\XXYWP3CCCGH`
...20



MZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB88PXZZ*!S3CGDG#

\XYZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKGH#


M@PXZXH2##CKHH(

..NB8
M8XXYZ*#CCCHH(,..NB@@XXYYI1#3CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZWHPCSCCA=-/-.-B@@PXVW(0CSCC?
M@/--.-V
0TXXWY`S#CKB@//-.-Z`\\TXX733#3G=E$
..N6`\TTWXWCSS3;B

$PXXX(P33CC=D----^!\TTTWYH3333?D

MW8P##CCFH%
...%L







..NB@

..NB@@PXZYHQ33CGHH(
..NB@
M@\XYYY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)1S#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M4\XXXYR##CKHE%

PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYHQC_PXZZ*##CKH

..NB@@PXZZ)AC#CKH

PXZZ*##CKHH$,..NB@@TXYYYPSSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZYYPSSCCG
MG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEE'

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGCC(,..N&(@PXZZ*##CKG
MG%

..N2@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..MZ
(\XXX73CS3C8H(
.-MN($\XXX(#S33C=C#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M=`



8PXZZ*`C#CC?C!/....@4\XX





8\XYXXQCCCGDD#....!\
\XXY91S3CGHH(-.

\XYV&!SSCCEF(
..N60TTTYXXQ3#CKHH(-.


ME1MW[APZ=.;


/6K1NY;^C0H2N'#1LX_W38

MRIG#QNT;N'#HT*%#APX=NG+@S)4#5PX;MFW@PH%#APX;MF_EOH$KAPT=.G#C

MOH$;-XX;MV[CL&&##CC88(/--^`4PXZXXPS#C;HH//-..2,@PXZXG33#3?C
MD#/...1LPPTWZ*#SCCC@`
..MB$$\XVXX#S#3?FH(/.-]Y@@\TXW8PC#CKD


\XXXXPS#O\XWY1C#CKE@/
-.MB`\XTY

MX'QSCCGH?..--]B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)0#SC?HH#/..-AL4TXY


.
M.NB
XPTXX)#C33CAB(

@PTXWWRS#3C@A'
.


-..%T`\XWX'C#S3CCC(
.

M;./&H4/W#=RX;N+$G4

V;ARW




M;N;0H1




MW8S3S3CCH%


\XTY
MWX#SS3?@?(
..MA@@PXZX'Q3CCC?@./-.=UT0PXXY93#33??@.
-..!\@PTZ



.
M.-Z@@PXZV)QS3C???`

.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHE`,...B@,PXYXY@#SC?HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


`Q!RX+Z5PP;N&SILV+!^P;NFSETZ-5V]:MVSANV[B5V];-


PXY
MXWSS3CDC/,-.NA@@PTXWX!S#CK_Z(Q#SCCDC$/...-T`\XXXZ#CCCB=(--
M-]V`
PXVV*`##C;8F(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.

.


MSCGHF%

M#CKFG'



..NB8




-..-@@PXZZ*`##CCC@

-


\XXXXS##3?=C/
-..A@@PTVV'P#

/-...
`PXZZ&#
MS3?@?',..NB,,\XXXXPSSCCC=`/....@@XXXXW2#33?=@#,.-MB@$PXVV)B#
M#3;8H%,.-]N``TXXX7!##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

:@@XXYYYQ3#CKHG%

M@XXYYYQSSCGHH(

..NB@@\XYZ*!SSCGFE(
..N64


..NB4
@@PXZY9QSCCGFH(/_CCD`.7?NW#ETY<JA0X?N7#ET
MY\RA0X<.W3ESY\ZA.X<.G3ESZ-A.X<.';ISZ-A,V?N'+ISY\Z=.W?NG+ES
MZ-9




-..1\TTTWYZ`SSCC==#/..-V`
MX\TWWZ##3;E@#/...-TX\TWWV##CK8A/.--]^

PXYXXS333?DC$
..=V@
M@PXZZ(CSS3?8C$/...2
TTTWW8S#S3;?B(
--N%\X\TWYJ!SSCG=C----]V8


M
PXYXW0#SCCBH(

M4PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFC%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





44\XYZ*##CKF
MF&





J=.U?N'#KHH(

..NB@
M@PXYY*#3CGEE(,..NB@@\XYYX2##CKHH(,..NB@4\XYYZ##CKHD(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*#_@\XYYY!SSCCH
MH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB,_T/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


\XXXX0SSCCHC$/...B0
\XXYX!S#CKC
MF%

MF..-..&(8TXYY8QS#CGDC'
..NB@@PXZZ)`S#CKG8$
..NB@@XXXXWPS3CC@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ(PSSCCGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=


M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3ESIU#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:

XXYY8PS_\XYY)133CGGC#-...B

XXY
MY8PSSCGHH(


TXYZ)`SSCCHH(


MZ)0SSCCGE#/....$

--NB@@PXZ
MZ(`CCCCDF$



MY(R##CKHH(
..NB@4TXYXY3333?ED#/...&`4PXYY9A#SCCGH(
..NB@@PXZ
MXH!CSCCCD&

.


@TXYY8QS#CKHH(/.
M...`$TXXXI!3CCGFC'

.





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NA\$TXXWHP##CCC=---
M-^3_@-.--^-P`TXXXX0##CCC?!-..-V$XXTWXFPSSCC??$/...B@@PXZZ)BS

PXXX(S3

..NB@@TXYY7P3
M3CCB8%
..NB@@XXXXX`SCC??@#

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0


MA0MW#ATZ=.'
H4.'#ATZ=.C


.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYYQ3#CKHH'-.


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZYYQ33CCEE%

.


M#CKHH(....B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N)TTPTVW7P#
MSCC@H(-..-B


....
`\XWY'3S#3CCC(
..N.







M3CGEH(....*`

.-N.
M

M
PXVXXQCSCGCD%


M8XXYY80C#CG?8(

..NB@

M?.






M#CKHE
/--M^(X\TWWF`#SC?F?

-.-B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB


<0\XXW90SSCCEB`
....0




@XXYYHQ##CGED'/../_CF'/....48PXYY)1#CCGF

MB%

B@0\XYY)`C#C;CD#,..NB@4\XXYYQ#SCCF
MF',..=UT8PXZYYPS3CGFF$/...B@4TXXX(#SCG88#
.-N2
8PXZXXQ3#CKH


M\P8.'3ITZ
J5`W?.&SAPX+QUZU:NVS9NX\)&^?M'#ITZ,YY^^9-'#9LZ-A

MPX8.'3ITZ
!Y\]9M'+EQY+J!`S=.-]UT

M_XXXY(Q#SCCCC

M@PXZZ*!33C?C=-/--^2

TXYX(PSSCC@E%
..-B@@PXVWWP##C;B?.
-..-T
MTTTWY'P#3CG?H(
..NB88TXWW9!##C;HH(
..NB04TXWXY`SSCCD=-
-...@
M@PXZZ(Q#SCCHF%/.-^=\X\TWX9QS#C;G8(/-.-ULP\TXW7P#CC?@H(...=]T

M8`
...6`PPTWWF`##CCCD#/...-L`\XWV*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


.-]M\$PXZZ)0##CKH
MH#-.-]UT
\XWWH`S3C?=E

MXW33#3GD?/.-^@@PXVV(`#3C?=F(.....`






<<\XYYYQS3CGGH(



MYYQS#CKGB`
..-Z@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY7#C33?C8(
..MA@@PXZ
MWYB##CKB=
/--MB4@PXZV*!C3CG@H(



PY`S)4#APT=.FS8T*$CY^V;-W3@RI5#)ZY;







\XXXY0#SC?HH(
--NA@@PXZV&`#SC?@G(
..N4@PXZYV#S#3CC
M=`,...-\8\XWX&##CKHG+/--]YL\\TWX)0##C;8H(
..-^8
PXYXXQ#SCCC
M@#
.-MB

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MWWP##CC8H(
--NB@

`PXX
MYWSS#3C??/

-.-^4`\XWY7133CGHE+
--^9@4TXY

...4`PXVV*##CGD=-/-...

\XXXX!S#C;8G(
..NA@@PXV
MV'SS#3;8H-

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB08\XXXZ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@\XXY(R##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*!##CKBA(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXYYYR#3CGED(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH!,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M.-B@@PTVWWR##3;EH...-]L,\XXY(PS#CG;=`/.-^B@\XTWX6##CK8A/.-

..N9T`PXXX6`#SC?C=`
..-Z`4\XWX'@3#CKHH//-...$(PXXWY0#
M#C;8H(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGH(





M=.7.G4-7KEPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H1.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ


F3.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#MVX

H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ITY_W/FT*%#APX=.G3HRHTC=PX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@XXYYIQSSCGHH'
<<XXYYZ#










\XXXXCSS3CBD(/.
M..208PXYY/^8

M#CGDC$


8PXYY9!3
MCCCC?&



MSCG88$..-^.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)@SSC@`



M@0




/--^$TTTXX8!C#CKHH(,..NB@
M4PXXX)3#33CB@(,..NA@,PXWVWPS3C?=G(/...-TT\TXXX`#SCCC=-,-.=MP
M$PXXV&`S#CKFF,.-..64PTTXX8`CCC?AA(/-_SCDC(/..=A@,\XVXH0#SC;@
M?-,-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZYYP33CGA

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(







..NB@@PXZY*##CKCG',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB4

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZV*#SCCDE%,..-B@
M@PXVX)13SC??8(,-..6`\TTYX&##3CE@/
--N:



_[
--]YP4TXYWXS333?8
M=`/.-^.@@PXZV*##3;@E`/.-^.0TTTWX(P33CC;C/.--]^@@PXZX)0##CCE
M@(,--M]\4TXYZ)3#S3;AF(,--N6`@PXZV(R##3;C@(,--N:,,\XXW8`SSCC@
MH(,..N6`@PXZV&##CK?8//--^,\XTWWZ#CCCC=.
-.-^@@PTZZ*##3KH
M?(.--]]\0\XXY(#SC3GEC(.--]]\,\XXXY2S33?=C`/...1T`\XXY(`##C;8
MF(,..NA@@PXXWV!C#CKHH#/....`L\TYYJ!3#CC?F(,--]N`LPTXX*#S3?@
MC$
..-^@@PTVV'P##CC?F/_SC3CAC(


..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=





4\XY_^B@@PXZZ*#SCGE
ME(,..NB@(PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CCH
MH(


PXZZ)ACCCGH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..MB@@\XXXYA3#CC8H(,.-N48XXWWF##3CE
M?`...=]@@PTXY8`##C;ED#/../_HH(,.-N9\`TXYV'S#3C@H(

MY'3S#3CC8(
..MB`8TXYV'P##CC@E(
..NB`4XXYXXSS#3CHH#/...24`\XW

..MB@@PTV


MYHR#S3?_WH`S#CGCE
---]V
`\XXXW0#SCCC?!

M
N'#ITZ)1S3CGEF$/....<@\XYZ&`SCCGF
MC'


..NB8
XXYYIA#SCCC

..NB4

TTTX


\XYY9R#3CG@G'/..-V88\XX
MY)AC#CGFH(

..NB(

(PXX
MYHPS3CGHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZX7CSS3?==-

M-]]\XXTWX)2##CKHD----]V
`\XWZ*!CCCG==$


L&CAPY=.6^@4.'#ANV<]^\?0MW_PX;MG/?






-..@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N5P(XXX
MW8CCS3?@?#/..-^@@PXZX(2##3;BA./--^-T\PTXX70#SC?@C/.--^0\PTX
MWHSSC3?HH./--^-T$TXXX(CS#3C??`-...*`X\TVW)R#CCCC@#-.-]UT
TXW
MW73#S3?@B(




..-MPLXTXXXR##CK@?&/.
M-]MP\XTXVW`#3C?==#


M#CKHH(





<<\XYZ*!SSCGFG(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE@(,..MAL\XTWX(R##3;CH(,.
M.M^8@PTVY8##3;H@(
--N6`
\XXY(PSSCCCC`
...-@

@TXYYGR#
M#C;8?.
--MB`4PXVV(`#SCGFH#/....`@PXZZ)3##3C?A(
-.NA@@PTZZ(!#


PXXZ*`##C;CC`
.-NB@4PXWWX`#






W;APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.;&E2N'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N2@_W,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ(PS
M#CGGH(,..NB,0\XXYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

--NA\
M@PTVYGQ#SCCCC#/...2
\PTXXV`SSCCHH(
--NB`


..NB`4PXXWY`S3CGF?(
..NA@

M?0



MD2/GS1LW;M^X?0.'#ALZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.#*H4.'#1TV;-C`@0-W#MVX;MW$
MD0


80

`TXYYHPS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY9QS#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





M;=O&C4.'#MVW;]^^=0

'[MNW;MW*H3MWKMLX


M#CK@E(
..MB@@PTVX7CCC3?GH#/....@4PXXWYC333?=D$-.-]V@@_\-.-]\
M@PTYY'0#SCCCC(

..-^@@PXYY72#33GFH-

M@PXYY70S3C?==&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH$/....4@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB88PXZZ*`C#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*`SSCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGED(
..NB@4TXYZ*!SSCCHH(
..NB@
M@PXZY)`3#CKHH(

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..N644PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MG'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGHH(....B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..N2@@XXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYXY13#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGH
MH(....B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(



ZA0U?N
MG+ESZ






M@XXYZ)QS3CGHG'




..NB@


MH(


MH&
..NB8@XXYYYQSSCGFH(
..NB88PXZZ)R#S3GGH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#CCCB



@\TYYXQ33CGED'








..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@8XXYZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@XXYYJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH//-...$@TTXXH03CC??E`/.
M-^

TXWWHR##3C??+







/--^!T@PXZZ*`CCC??A/--..!T0TXXWX`S#CKH
MH%/.-^&(\PTVWW@SCC?@@.
--]MP$\XXZ*#SCG88$,.-^&(\PTWWX#3#3KH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGHH(
..NB@@XXYYIB##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3GR*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




..NB

\XX
MZ*`#SC?DC+
--]]T@\TXXW#CC3CAG(

MY8#3S3CC8`..-]]LPTTXXHR##CKHG(/-..-@

..NB`
TXX

PXXWYB##CKH?#
.-MB(\TTW
MW92#C3??A-.-..)\\\TVW'P33C?=F(
..NB
\\TWX(SS#3CAB(/-..-@\XTX

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@XXXXXQ3#CKHH(,..NB@,\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4XXYYIB##CKHH&/.
M..B@@TXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXYIA3#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(-.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHB!,..NB@@TXYYY13SCGHH(,..NB@@PXZYH@3
M#CKHE&....B@@PXZY(0##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY*#CCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)R#



M-^.`
\XXXX!33CG;=$/....8@PTVW'P33CCHH(

-



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




ME2



MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

--N.
0\XXXW0SSCC@8(
..NB@(\XXWH!3






`\XWX83C


PXWWGP3


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYJ##CKFH(
..N:8






XXXZ)1SSCGH
MH(

MH'
..N6@8\XYYYR##CKFG'


Z9

.-MB(
PXVV(#C#3?;G(/....`L\TWWHPS
M3C?=C%/.-]^`

..NB4
M$\XVW(`#CCGFH%-...%P

M\\TWVW`S#CCFF(
...64@\XYW&P#3C?88#
.-]Y\$PXXWGRS#3CAB'
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



MF(






..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MP\TVYGR##CK88(

..-^@
\XXXYCS#3;8
MF/

`\XXXXP#SCCCC&
.-MB`@PXVV'SC#3;8?&/.-^!@4\XXXY`#3CGE
M8`



M@'


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




..NB@@TXYYZ##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYXPSSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N6`4TXY


.-MB(XXTWWYB#CCCA?-/-...
@TTX
MXGCS_\TXXY`SSCCC=#
..NB



MH(

MD(

..NB@@PXZ
MYXPS#CGHH(
..N604PXZYXPS#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFD%,..N*@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG(

.

..N:8@PXZZ)QCCCGGG(
.



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`-...%\0PXY


MXY1S#CGCE'

MX8@3CCGDD$
._SGFF(/...20@PXZXX@#CCGCC%
..NB@8PXYXXR#3CGGG%
.
M-N.

..MA@


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'SAPZ=.?











..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


TXYY9ACCCGFC/]#


MSCCFF$



MSCCDD(
..N*(`XXYXXQ3#CKHH&



MSCCA@#
..N64
\XYZ*!33C?BC.

`\XXY90S
MSCGDD%
..NB`\XTYY)AC#CKE@/


TXYXX#_$\XXY7P#CCGCG'
..N=@
M@PTYYHPSSCGDD$
..N=@@PTYY8PSSCG?@`

?.E2MWKIPY



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH//-...$@XTXX8@3CC??E/
-.-^



MXTTYZ*`SSC?AA-

M(\XWV&`S#CKHH(







F

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M\38.7#ESX




\XXXZ`SSCCC@%

@\XXXXQC
M#C;8@%


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..MY\
M$XXXYV!SSCG@C----]R(TTTWX'@#SC?HH(

-_SKHH(
5T,\XXXXPS3C?=@

M@.

\XWWXQ#3C?=D(
-.NA@@\XYW73SS3?8
M8(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[_



..NB@@PXZZ*##CK@F%,..N44PXYW733C3GB
MB!


..NB@(\XXVY#S#3CH
MH%-..=V

PXYXY#333?@B/^##CKE@(

TTTW

..-]@(\XWWG!#3C?==%/.-]]\\PTX
MWZ##C;8G//--]Z(@PTZZ*##C;8G-.--]Z`@\TWX)0##C;8H(/-..-TT\TX
MXZ!33C?=C----]V8@\XXXW33#3GE?'/.-]Y\(XXYYV!S#C;8@.
--MB0T\TW

MWWC_`TXWX'PS#C;HH$-.-^B@@XTXWGPCCC?@@/
-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

.
M.-V48\XYZ)QSSCGFF(






MXXR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.N2
8XXYZ*##CKDH(,..NB@@XXXZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)133CGHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB88XXYXYQS#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIB#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)@SSCCEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NF[@OJ%#9XXY
MXX`3CCCHH(
..NC_H(


\XWX'QS#CGCE&

4TXWWI2##CKHH(
.
M.NB$8\XXXY2##CKHH(
..NB4TTTYY)0S#CKHH(
..NB@@TXYYYQ3SCGC_XQ3

@XXWXH2#SCCFE(

..N:8

M#CKHH(


PXZV(PS
MCCGCG&
.40PXZZ*##CKHB,..-^,(TXYZ/^,,PXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@TXYY:##CKHH(


E2M'


W[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0G1LW
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'CAPZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HQIU#
MAPY=.'/FS*%#APX=NG/ER)%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)TKAPX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@TXYXY1##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGHH-.
M..B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9@SSCCBH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NAT\PTXZ*!CCCGC@!....B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY81##CG8G
/--N(4TXYZ(Q##CGFD#/...B@@PXZZ*#
M#CK?A`/.-^*40PXYY)0SSCGGH(

..NB
0\XYYY`S
MSCGHF#
.-MB80XXYYJ##CKHH(..-]^$`XXXXI2#SO\XY)##CKHH(
..NB@
MX\TXXH0S#CC@@'/....88PXYY(Q33C?=D(
..NB@@PXZZ(ACSCCCE(
..NB@
M@PXZZ)3333GEE#

..N.

..N:8

M`\XXY)!C#CGGG$/...:8(\XXYYPS3CGEE/



WCAPZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'CEPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH2.'#ATZ=.;
F2M'KAPZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H2M'KAPZ=.3(


..NB@0PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@\XYY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)R##CGHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKGC#
..NB@@PXZZ(PSSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF/]C3CGDH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#3CGCE%

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKEF#/...&@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHE`/.-^B@@PXZZ'1SCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N=L
M(TXXW8CSC3?@A----^-TTTTWXWSS#3CCH(
..NB@@PXZWHCS#3CA=#/...1L
M
TXYY:##CKHH(-...%\`PXXWXS_T\TXY'PS3C?==$,.-]QXTTTWW7P#3C?=
MC,/--]YTPTTXXGR#S3CCH(,..NB@@\XXXW33#3GD;
..-]T
PXVV'`3SCCC
MH(





7[MLW


&[ENX
M;N/&?0L'[ALZ=.C0H4

M4TXYXXR##CKHH..-.-^`(TXYZ*`S#CGHH(






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)0##CCH
MH(,..N.(@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

...6`
\XXXX2S33GDH(

MW'@##C;8H`/....







&[ILY;.7
?0-7CCG8E/
-.-B`
M\PTXV*#S#3CCC
/--MZ`@TTYYFP#3CCA8#
.-MB

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@\XTYY8#33CA=#
...&`
\XVW'@C#C;8C(
..NB(`\XXXWP#SCCC
M?
.-..*







J!


A]


`PXXY8#CS3?@
M@(


MY8#33GFC$-.-]V`,PXVV*##CKHC$/...2

PXYXX`C3C?=B(
..NAX\PTV

TXWX(`SSC?EF/
--NB@@PXZ


.

....

PXXY8#S#3;GA!/.


PY`P*%#APX=MG'C

MT)4#]PT=-F[;P(7[!@Y;N7'DQG'SYHV;.'3HT(T;-V[_W+AQX\AU`_=M'#IT
MZ+Y]&S=NW+AQY




M=-


TXWW9!##CKHH(


..NB(X\TW
MVY#333??B./--^%\\XTWX8!C3CG8E/

-.-Y@XXTW

-
M..5@4TXYX(!33CG8E/
-..%\X\TWWWR##3;CC----]Y\\\TWX'@#SC?@8'
.


.


PXYXW0#
MSCC==`/..-^`
\XXWX`S3C??@#


MW+AQY

.-NB@`XXWWWB#S3C88#
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYY91SCCGHH'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#SCGGF/^#CCGHH'

<<XXYYJ##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ)13SCGHF'..


M#CKHH(


MCCGHF(



..NB@@PXZZ)QSCCGHG(


\TTYY6#S33GE8%
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB04\XXYJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0

G3N'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3G
MSHT;APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H









@@PXZZ)QS






M#CKHG(

..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB
M8XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(,..NB@@XXYYIB##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.;
F2.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

M#ATZ=.C0H4-GSIPY=.C.G2N'#ATZ=.C0H4.'+IPX=.C0H8
._SGFF&
..NB@

..NB@@PXZYIACSCCGG(
..NB@

TXYZ*##CKHH(,..N60
M4PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKEG'.....@@\XYY9ASSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCCF&/...2@
M@PXZZ*##CKHG'

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYXYAC#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGE(
..NB@@PXZ


F1MW#ATZ=.;&
MC3
WCMPX=.3&C3

@PXYY(QC#CKGC-

MT\TXXXACSCCCH%


MB`/...2$
PXZZ)0SSCGHH(..-^.($\XXXY`CSCGCC&



..NB@@TXYX'R##CCC

..N*
\PTXXHA3#CKCD$



MC'



MY:##CKHH(/....44TXWY:##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXY

..NB@@PXZZ)ASSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB44PXYZ)PSSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB

\XXZ(133CGGH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

TTTWXX#333?B;$/...!T(XXXVWPSSCC=
MC!

@TTXXG0#SCCD

-.-^
T\TXY(S333GD@-/-..)X`PXX
MX71C#CKHG!-.-]V
T\TXXIB##CGCC(/-...@4TXXX'P3#C?;E!
.-]Q\`XXX

MZ*!3#CCHH(/....
\PTXWGRS#3CAA-

MV&#CS3GHH(
.-N*
\XTYZ*##CKHH(...=^`@\XWY(SC33C==/--..*,@\TX
MW&R##CKCB`/.-^&$T\TXW733#3GHH#/...B@@PXXY90#SC;@@-,-..$TPTX
M_^`8\XXW70CSCGHH#-...`0\XVWWC3#3?BB---.-]X$PXVXXSCC3C?@%
.
M...
`\XXW733#3GHE%/.-^&(
PXVXZ##CK@E%-.-^:@@TXYW913SC;B?`,.
M-]]TTPTZZ&##3KHE%
..-B

TXWWHPSSC?@C#-.-^6@@PXZZ)QC3CC=D#-.
M-^2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





PXZ
MY(PSCCGCH(
..NB88\XXYI1##CGEH(
..NB
0\XXY7P#CC?BG(/...644PXY



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE;----^.`@PXZ
MXXR##CK8H/,-...,`PXXY6`SSCCC@%-..=A@@PXZWV!3CCGCC,/--MV,`PXX
MY6`#_\XWZ&`#SC?F?(,--N68`\XWW)PSSCCDH%,..-^`4PXXWY2#3CGE@#/.
M..2,,PXWVX`3#CKHH-.-]UTLTTWW9#33GF?$/...-T`\XXXZ!3#CC@H#/.
M...8\PTVV*##3;8H//-...


..NB
0\XXY(PS#CGC=`/...B@8XXWZ*!S#CGCC`
.




M^Q:N6S=NWL2%PT9N&[=MXL:-X^8-W#=NXLJ5@TXYW713SC;BA`/.-N!\TPTZ
MZ*##3KHH(,.-M^`,TXWW71#SC;BA`,.-N.,@PXZX'P33C?CC!/.-N`\XTX
MZ*#SCCCC,--..&`X\TXXXP#3CG@@(/-..`$PXXWG##S3CA@//-..B@@PXV

M..&`\\TXZ)R##C;C8(/-.-R

PXXVWSCC3CGH(-..-^

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

PPTWW8P#SC?F8/

M3C?==
.--]V
@XTYY8`SSCCC=`/....@4PXXWZ`SSCCDE`
.-MB@@PTVV*`#

..NB0PTTWW8SS#3?;G(/....
@PTZZ*!S









..NB@
PXXX&P##CCA=`/.


M-^,\TTXXGR##CK@?/.-]]XP\TXX(2S#3C@?!-.-^*(XPTXX(33S3CAA
/-


M...
PXTWX(SS3CED(-..=UT4PXWX8@#SC;@?-,-.NB@@PTZZ*##O\VX(`S
M3C?==$
.-^&(\PTVXXR##CK?@!-.-^.
$PXWX'P#SCCHH(/...2
PTTXX83S

.-]N((\XXX&S#S3?F;

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKD=----^-\`PXXXW3CS3??@./--^.0`\XWY6`S#CGC@%-..=B(
M`PXXWHS333?;C----]V
XTTWXX#CS3??A`









M33GF@(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/.--]Y@`TXYYGQ##C;8A(
..NB(TPTWVXPS
M#CKH?%/...2

\XXXW#3S3CC@(

M#C;@?`-..-UTPPTYWGSC#3CHH(
-..68`XXWW73_P\TXXXQC#C;?@(
-.-^`


XXYV&#3#3CCC(
-.MA@
TXWV&#3#3CCC!/.-N64
M@TXYX'QCSC?FE(/--N`$PXZZ*SS3GHH'
.-N!\@XTWX(!##CCEF`
.-NB@

M@PTXY8#SC3G@8(
-..6`\PTVYHPSSCCHH(

M@PXYWGSC#3;@?`
...68_V



H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

H3-W





MSCGEG'


O6K1LY;.7*@1LW;APZ=-Z^@</V[9NY;^;*

..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





V?.'#ISY\[_H3M7SAPZ

M=.;.H4-GSIPY=.;




M=.;

M=.C.G3-WSCGGH&
..NB@@XXYYIQSSCGFH&

M@\XYYYQS#CKGG(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@4XXYZ*#3CGFH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKBB(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*#3CGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.

..NB@@PXZZ)!3SCGBH(
.






..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)@S3CGEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*!S

M#CKGG#...=A@


MSCCFH(




Z=\S;N&[ASY
J5
T=NW+AR





.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:84TXYY:##CKHH(
..NB@4TXYXY2##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ)Q33CGHH!....B@@PXZZ*##CKHH!....B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M#CKCG(

\XXY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)1S#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHF&,..NB@8XXYYJ##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD%,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9133CGDD(
..?_HH(




:-X_9MW+AOW\:-0X?NFS=QV

M.-Y\$PXWWX!3#CC88(


.-N60@\TWXHPS_\XVX(#3


MSCG8D#

M@PTVYXQ3CCGED'

M0\XXYHQSSCGFC(
--NB@4PXYW91#3CGCH(


PXVVW#S33?HH(/...*(
PXWW713
MCC?AA!
.-N.
(PXVX(`CCC?CC----^.
`XXYZ/^@4TXXWW@CSC;@@%/.-]A@
M@PXZY93CS3C?@!-.-^.
`PXWXXS333G??!

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE@/
-..6


TPTXWXR##3;8H`
.-MB4
M@\XWWGB##3C?F(

0\XXY(P##CKHH(


MH(
B@8XXWZ*!33CC@
M?&,.-NB@@PTVZ*!3#C?@?!,..NB@`PXXX91CSC;@?`-..-N44PXXXXPSCCG8
M@//-.=M\XPTXV*##C;8H(/.-^.0
PXYXZ##CKFC#,.-]B`\PTXXXPSCCG8
MA`/._SCCD#,..N!X\\TWY:##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ




W;MPX
@/,--^*,
M,TXWWI!##CKG8(/-.-Q\`TXWX(0C#CCA8(.-..!PPTTXXZ##CKC@/
--^-\
MXPTXXX03SC?DH(
..MZ

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MC....B@(TXXWXB##3;H8!....!X,\XXW70SSCC@=`/.-]]X$PXXX'B##CKH
MB//--^!\\\TYYZ!3#CC?F-,-..(@TTXXGSSS3CC=`..-]^`@XTXXW@#CC??

..NB4T\TXXW33C3GFH'
.-]M\@\TWX(PSSCCCC!/.-]Y\\TTYY9#3#3C@
MC#/....


F[ANX;^/&C1LW

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4



E0.'#1TZ=.B^@2LW#ALV;^#*@0.'



M



..-B84PXZV(#S#3CGH(/....@@\XWYHPSSCC@
ME&/.-^%PP\TXXX`3#C?CC#
..-Y\`\XXXXQ#SCC8H(
..NA\XPTWWVS##3GC
M8(

M@`
...44\XW_^9@@TTYX(@C3C?CH(,..M]X\PTVXXPS#CG8E&/....@@PXZ
MV*#3CG@H(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..M^


MZ)R##CKEH(

..O_HH(/.


.
6@<PXZYZ!SSCGFH(..

Z=0V?NW#ESY]A0W?NW#ETY\ZA,X?NG+ESZ-9

R=0V?.G#ETZ
R=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH..--]^`4PXZZ*!#3C?=C#/....


MX'SS#3KHH%-.-^.

\XXY(S3#3CBC(

MX'S#C3?88..-]]X`TXYZ*##CK88(
.-MY\\PTVX(#CS3CHH(/.-^:8XPTX

-.=UX`PXY




--N.0
\XXXW33#3?CH(
..N%\XTTXWGSCC3C?F`
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)R##CKFF&/_3CGHH(


W?NW#ES

MZ
R9
W?NW+ESY\Z=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@\XTWWWQ3#CKHH%-.
M-]V0,PXYXY#3#3C@B(,..NB8TPTXX(2##3C?D-,-..0\TTYY8#S#3CAH(
.


-.-A@`PXYXY#C#3C@?
.-
M-]A@@PXZYYS3S3C==-


MS3CDC(

TXWWX03



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG#/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
<<TXYY9R#




R=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEE',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG'/...B@@TXYYZ##CKHH(
..NB00PXZY*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY913#CKHD$
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(....B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@
M8XXYXY`SSCCFC(

..NB@
M@PXZZ)133CGEB(
..NB@@\XYYXQ#CCGF@$

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4\XVYIA3

..NB@@TXY_^.
@\XXY91CCCGFF&


M

..NB0

.-N.4
M0\XYY9!3#CGED$

M
\XXY9Q#SCCFE$

MD$


VCMPY


..NB0`TXXZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)PSSCCHH(,..NB8`\XWYZ#_PXZY9!3#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGFC(
..NB@@PXZZ)AC#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*!##CKHA(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFC$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@\XXXYR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(







200TXY
MZ*#SCG8C#









MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHC#/...:
M

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY*##CKDE(
..NB@@PXZZ)##CKBH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*!CCCGCC(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$



MG#/...B@@PXZZ)CS#3CGH(
..N644PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@\XYYXR##CKHH(
..NB88PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0PXZZ(B##CKH
MH(,..NB@@XXYYHPS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGDH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MG#
..NC_G#
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(,..NB@4TXY
MZ*##CGHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4TXWXYSS3?==


..-^`
TXWW71#3C?ED(



PXYW71##CC=
M=#-.-^64L\TWX8B##CKHH(
..NB@@PXVZ*!3#C?AB`

MH(

MH$
..=^@
\[_..,4PXYXYR##CKG8#,..=B,8XXYYXQC3CGHH#/...$(TXX


..NA\(TXX


TXYY9A#SCCCH%-...)\@PXZ

XXYYIPSCCGEH(/._SCC@`..
M..&04XXYYHQS3CGEG%


:-ZP9NW+AN
MX



M8(
..-A@@PXXWGS_T\TVXXPSSCCDC/

-...
@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,.-NB@8\XWYI0##C;B=-.-..B@@\XXXV#S3?@?`..-^04PXZ
MYVS#S3?;?.,-...,,PXVZ*#SCCCF%
..-B`\XTYV)13#C??A!
.-NB@@PXZ
MY(Q#3CG@;
/--NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK8H(,..N9\`PXVWWSC#3?C?.,-..-TTTTYZ(PS3C?CC$..
M-^0
TXXW8PS#CC8H(


\XWX)0#

-0




MZ)#3#3C?@$-.-]V`LXTWWVQ3#CC?F/
--MB

\XXXXS#C3???(
..NA\\PTV
MV)`SSCCCC


`PXVZ*#C3?@?(,-
M..68@\XYWGS3S3C==!-.-]UX,TXWXXS3#3C?@+,-.NB@@PXZZ*##C;HH%
.
M..64`PXVX'CSC3CHH(/...2$(XXWWY!#3C?@D$
..O_H?./-..&(
\XWY(Q#
M#C;HH(-..=QTTPTXV'P#3CG8H'/.-^!\`PXVZ*##CKC=----^6$(TXXZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZVZ!S
M#CKE?`
.-MB`\PTXXXQ#SCCC@/
-.NB88PXXVXPSSCCCC#
.-]V

PXXV*#
M#CKE@`,..MA@@XTYWZ##C;C8#/..-B`4TXYXXS333?@C(




@PXZZ&`SSCCCF/
-..B@\PTXY8Q#SCCCC#
.
M.=^@@PXZY8#S#3CEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N6`8XXYW8`##CC=?#..
M..B@(\XXWH`#SC??G(
..N9TXXTWY'3333?FB!....1T`PXXY'R##CKHH/
-
M..5\0PXYW70SSCC@E/
-..2
\TTYY733S3CC?(
..NB0T\TWX(!#3C?=@
/-
M-]YP4PXXX)0##C;8C$/...2

.-MB


PTTWW7R#
M#CKHC.


\XTWXH2#








--^-TTPTXXZ##CK8H(,.
M-NA@@PTVX(`#SCGHC#-.-^*44\XWYGP##CK8@!,.-N9@@PTVZ/^``\XXW8#S
M#3G?H(,..N=LPXTWX*##CK@E&

--NB``PXVY8#S
MS3?=;

..N2

TXYV'33#3CC@/
-.MA@@PXZX&!3
MCCGCC(
..NA@
\XXY)0#SC?HH`/.-^:

\XXXY`SSCC@H(
..N9\`PXXY:#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(








M#CKEE`...=UTTPTYY)#3#3K88`..-]A@0TXWX(`SSCCHH(/..=A@4PXWY9`#
M3CG@@$-.-^.
T\TXW70##CG?@%

M#CCDD-.--^!\`\XXXW3333?@8(


M


-.-]PL\TWWWSCC3C??.
-..6`\\TWWGSC3G;?./--^$
M$XXWWIQC#CKC=.---^-TTPTXWH`##CK8B/
-.-Z


\XXW8R##CKE@...-^8@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB4


..N:88PXZYIASSCGGF&


..N:@@PXZYIAC#CKE


MG/]S3CGGG&
..N:@4TXYYZ!CCCGFG(

....8@PXZ
MYIQSSCGGF(
..NB8@PXZY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
M`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0





MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@0TXYYXB##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M
PXYYZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFC(,..NB(
M4PXYZ)!SSCGEH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ)1#3CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@$PXZZ*`SSCGGH(,..NB@@\XYZ(!3#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@\XYY9QSSCCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)QSSCCCG',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH


..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCGH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB44TXYZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGDH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C
F3.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H2M'[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(-..=V40\XW
MXYQSCCGCG',..NB48TXWXGSC#3GDH'/...:44\XYY8@3SCGEA
...;_C#/.

\XXYY0SSCCGD#/...:88XXYY8QS#CKCC(
.
M.NB@X\TWX6`SSCCFG#/...:@@PXZZ)!##CGBG#/....0X\TWXYR##3;CH(
.
M.N5T4TXYY8R##CKHH(

.
M.NB@

M..B@8XXYY)A33CGCG#/....@
PXYXZ`SSCCEF$/....@


4\XYYY!3
M#CKHH'/....48PXYY(QCCCGFF&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*!3CC?CB!
..-]\4\XWYI0##C;CC
/--^&(\XTXW70SSC?HH(
.
M.N&(XTTXV&`SSC;@@-.-^68@PXZX(S#3CBB(

...%TT\TXW'CSC3CHH(/.
M.-Y\`PXVXH03SC?CD#

._SK?B..-^1\`TXYX&#
MS3C==-
--^((PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXYW913SC;B?`/.-N!TTPTZZ)1C
MCC?E;

--N-X\\TXW803SCC8?`-..=Z($PXXVX#S33?8C#
..NB84TXWY7S
M#3C8;#....5PX\TWW71#3CG?@$-..=QX@PTVW8ASSCGHH/.--^)@,\XXW'SS
MC3?;F(,..NA@,\XXX(P#3CC@C+,--^&`@PTVXZ##CKE=%-..=Z$(XXXZ*`S
MCCCAB/
-..%T
\XXX'`SSCC@C./--^&`LPTWWW2##CKHG!-..`#I-NZ;-W'?


MZ-#_H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
\XXZ*#S
MC3GCC#

M'#ITZ




M..-PLPTWZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZX(0CSC?CA!/.-^-PPTTXX&#S3CHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MSCCCC#/..-QTT\TXV*##CC88(.--^04PXZZ(PSSCC8@/
-.-B`\PTXY'CC
MS3?HH(-..=^`\XTYXXPSSC?HH(
..N-TT_\--^.

\XXY&S#S3;HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK?B!,....`
M$PXXXVS#33C@8(/-..B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MT\TXXX!3#CC??/
-..@@TXYY8##CKH8(-...*`X\TYYW1##CC?E
---]U\

`XXWWWP3#CCEE`..-]]\


PXYW733S3C8
M@`..-^00TXWX)!##CKHC$/...)XX\TWWWSCS3?@@`..-^B@@TXYX)!#3C?=
MC#,...B@@PXZXGSC#3?CC$/....($XXXZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZWYA3#CC8F%

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
6<
:8@XXYYZ!SCCGE
MG(

..NB@8PXZZ)QSSCGF


MG(
B@@PXZZ*!3SCGH
MH'







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@XXYXY!3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#SCGDC#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:8@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






F3/.

..NB8
\XXXZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYY2##CKHC',.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8\XXXY2##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@






.<@PTVXZ##CK8G#/...:<
\XXY92#SCGEG#


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


:1Z]:-W+9QXLJA&T?.&[AQ

.-.-ATXXTXWWCS

-.-V@@PXZXWP#SC;C?.
-..-X\TTXX*##CK8C
.-]]\XPTWX8PS
M#C;=D#-.-^-\XPTXXWCCC3C@H(
..M^$$TXWX(0#CC?C@//-.-Y\`PXXW8Q#


--M^
TTTWW9##S3;B?(
--N.@
M@PXZV(#CS3?;C!-..-N`
<',..NB,(\XXXW#333GD
M?!-...)@,\XWWH`#CCCC=#-.-]YT,PXXWYB#CCGE=`/.-^!T8PXXX70S#C;8
MC#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

M'3ITZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!33C?EE+
-.-UT

\XVXXA3#CKCC.
-...
L\TWX8BS#3C==-/-.-A@
M`XXWW&P#CCC==%

MXG0S3C?==#
...8@TXY`G7#1RX;]W
A0O7;1PV;./$H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


..-B`\PTXYF#33C8H(/.-^.0,PXYXXPSCCG@H(,..N48\XW
MV)A3SCCDC#...=^


-.-UTTPTW





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






1
W#MNY




..=V84PXXX'CS#3;D=-
-...

PXZ
MZ)13#CCCC#/.-^5TTTTWXY!#3C?HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..N6




.


.
M.NB

PXZYXQ#SCCCE(

0TXYY9ACCCGFH(
..NB
8PXZZ(QS3CGEC'/.




MSCCCC#/...2
@\XXXYB#SCCHH$
..N:8
TXYY90SSCCGG#/...B@@PXZY)#
MCCGFF&/...B@0PXZZ*!#SCCDC#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

ZA0X?.
MW+ESV

X?.
MG#ESZ

JA0X?.'#ITZ








MYZ!C#CKHH&
..N:88PXZYI1S#CKFG(

MZ)R#SC?EE(
..N68XXTYZ*!C#CKGH&
..N!\
\XYZ*!CCCGGH'

M-^64@PXZZ*!SSCGHH&



..NB@@\XYYZ!SSCGHF&/.


XXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZXY`S#C;GG'-...*`$PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK?B/.
M...




M

MZ]:-'+AOX



.



M#CKEE'


M33GHH'
<<PXZYYQCSC?DE(
..NB@8\XYZ*!S

<<\XYYYQ3
MSCGGH(




M0\XXZ(#SC3GE@`-.-^.`
\XXWIC333?D=$
..=B0@PTVZ*!SSCG=C----^=@
M
\XXXZ##CKBA/...-T
\XXW9R##3;B?$





MV


..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(

..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB44\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M6[EMV+-ZR9NG+=OX\9]PS9N7#APX\AQ\]:M6[=RZ-=VR8N7+=QWKZ-&S=N
MW#CHC#/...B@@PXZXWS#3C?8(,-.NA@@PTZWYA3#CKHH(/.-^9\`\XVX(PS
M#CKHC#...-N@@PXVW7SC33G==-,-.NB@@PXVZ*##CK8H(

..N/_C#
..N.$(\XVY7#S#3C8C#/...B@

..NB@@PTVX'0S#CG;B#/...2$(TXXY&`#SC?CH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH#.....@@PXZY)1SSCGHH(,..NB@@\XYY*##CKHD(
..N*@

MH(


MH%



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGCC'

..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=N6[=SJ%#





-.MA@@\TWX)QC#CKF;

0\XXZ(PSSCCHH(
..N.(
M
\XVX'##S3GH;

-_SK@E%
..NB@@PXXY8`#SCC8C#
..NA\XPTVV)13#C;C


6``PXYXXPS#CK?8(,--N6`\PTXV(PSCCCHG/,-...8<\XYY8`SSCCH
MH(,--N6(,\XXV&#CS3?G<+,--^=@4XXYYJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

..NB@
\XXY92S#?\W
B,4PXZZ*#SCCCE&/...2<8PXY









..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH#


MC-.--^.
@PTXX(1#3C?==$...=UTXXTXWX#C#3CDD`

M;!
..N&`0PXWX'Q3#CKFE

.-]^`T\TXWG3SS3C=

-.=^`4PXZY93##3CCC(


MX)1C#CKHF'/.-N-\`TXYW9`S#CKG;


\XY

--N.@P\TV
MYX0#3CCH8`/.-^&@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB0(TXXX(!SSCGCE$
.
.<@PXZZ*`SSCCEE+









..-^8@PXZZ)0S#CKHD$

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,\XX
MXZ`3SCCC8/--..$

-.MB($\XWWIQS#CKF?`
.
M.NA@@\TYWWCS33CG8(/-.=B

TXWW(PS3C???.
-..B@@PXZXWCSS3G8E%..
M-]^

TXWX(PS3C??G'
..N.

TXXX)!#3C?=D$
..M^84PXZZ)QS#C?B@/.-
M.=V





\XW
MZ*#CCC@C#..-^

PXWWH@3#CKH@//-..&

PXXX(03CC?E@/
-..6`\TTW


MV'0CSCCGH....-@(\XXWH#CS3??C/.--^

MXH3CS3?=C(
--N)\@PTVXWP#SC?C?-...@@PXZXX#S#3CA=#/..-UT0PXY
MZ)0##CCHH#/....`\PTXWG#S#3C@=`
(,--MV(`\XWX7@SSCC?A./--]N(`\XWW(A3#CC?8
.
M-]N`4PXXWV`S#CC@?#


\XWWH`S#CC?@$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@8XXYY91S#CKHH'

.



MCCGHH'
.0

MPX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!A




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0C1MGKAPX;.20\\TWV&##CC88(/.-^20\XTW
MW&P##CCHH(,...68,\XXX'R##CKHH(,-..64@PXZXXC3#3?FE`,..NC_H(,.
M-NB@@PTZV&##3C?G'
..N.
(PXZYWP##CGC=-
-..-@@PTZV(`#3CGHD$..
M-]^@@PXZWYA33CG@H(
.-N-TTXTXV*##CKH?`/....,0\XXZ*#CC??8(/-
M-^9\`XXYVWS#3KHG'/.-M]LP\TWWGSC#3;C8(/-..B@@PXYXY`S#CGCD#-.
M-^

PXZZ'P#SC?CC$/...48\XXXWS#3?E8(
-..A@@PTVWX`#SCCCH(
.
M.N.

PXZXXPSSCC@D%...=B`@PXZV(S333?8=/
-...`LPTWYJ!33CG;?+
-
M-^*`
\XXY(Q#SCCCD#


\XXXX#
M#3;@?`,...6`,\XXXZ##CKG;/.--^!@@PXZV(R##3;CH(
..N.
0\XXW8`S
MSCC@;`
...60
\XXY)2##3;@E/


\XVW&R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH%

...B@@PXYW733
MS3C@@(

..=V

\XXXXPS3C?@B#
..NA\`TXYZ(PS

M0PXYWY@#SC??=%/.-^!@`XXWWWQCSC?@``1;N6[=RG4C1PX=NG'CQI'KUJT;





M#CGCG(


MSCCDC#/...2

\XXXYA#SCCCH(

MSCGGD#
..NB8



@PXZZ*#
M#CKHG%,..NB@8PXYYIB##CGCC/^#3CGCD&,..NB@@PXZXXPS#CKFF$/...:8
M@PXZZ*!3SCCGH&/...2,@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-.-Y\XTTXX'CSC3C?A`
..NB`

(PXZZ(#S33GHC$/...1TTTTWYH0CCCCE
M?`
.-]Y@@TTXWWCSS3CCH(
..N9TT\TWXY`S#CGB=----^-\\XTWXGSSC3?@
M=`



B-
M



..N:8@PXZZ(PSSCCHG#/....@0PXYY)R##CKHH'
..N.0
M@PXZY9`S#CGGH(
..N6
4PXYY8Q33CGHG#/...6@4\XXXXPSSCCCC#


M@XXYYHPSCCGFH(
..NB
8PXZZ(QS3CGEC#/....


M
TXYY:!33CG_Y90SSCCCC%/....
8\XXXXQS#CKHH(


PXZZ)@SSCGG


XXYYHQS3CGEG(/....


MF(


..N.

PXZYI@SSCCFF(
..NB@4\XXYYQCSCCC
MC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYYIQCSCGGG%/..=A@4\XYZ*!3SCGG


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYV#33CF8(
-.=B`
M`TXYWY13#CKHF%/_#CCHF&
.-N:($PXVYWP#3CC=F&
.-N9@@PTZYW33S3CC
M8(/-..48XXWY:##CKE=#/...-T
\XXW9R##3;C;(
..NB@

MC./--^1\(\XXXW1#SCCAH(

MH/
-.-V($TXXYF!CCCG8B/
-..5@
\XXXW@SSCC@B!....&8@PXZZ*##CKC
MC(,..N*$$PXXXX@3CCCAC`,...*,@PXZZ*#CS3?B?%-..=^$,\XXYZ##CK?

`PXXX(R#S3CCC`.....
@PXZZ*#_TXY
MYGR#3CGD?/.-]Z0`XXXXXS3#3GCA(

MYV`C#CKH8/.-^
`\XWX(P33CCAD//-...(T\TXXX`CCC??D----]V4(TXW
MW8P#3CCBC#


`\XXYIB##CKEE./-.-Y\
PXX`/D&;APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*$C1PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G+HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G/FS*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCC(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZY91S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCB!,.-^5PLPTXV)AC#C;@H(,..NB48\XW
MZ*##C;H;
--...`\\TWW:!S#C;H8(
-.NA\`TXYZ&##3KF8(--..B@@PXZ
MY7#S#3CCC(,..N2,@PTVXWR##CKHH$/....@`PXXY:`#SC?E=#....9T$XXX
MYJ##CKH8(
..NA@\PTXWH!CSCGHH/

MV'3SC3?F8/
-..-X`TXXY8CCS3?CH(
..NB@@PXZX_^
@PXZV*##CK8B./-
M-^.4TTTWXIR##CKHE`/.-^B4`\XWX'SS#3CGH(,..N
$TXXV(3SC3?D?(
.
M.N5\`\XWWX`SSCCCH(

M..*8TTTXXIB##CKHH(

C2
W

7;MPW;]_


..NB@0\XXXYPC3CGD
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(

MH(
._SKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG#
..NB@@PXYY*!##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ)`S#CKHH%/...B@@PXZY)##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&
..NB@@TXX
MZ*#SCCGF(,..NB@@XXYYIA33CGHH(,..NB@@PXZYYPSSCCHG(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKDD(
..N244PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N20@PXY

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEG'/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHG(/.
M..240TXYY*##CKHH(
..NB88XXYY(PS#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZWF##3;E@/,-.-B@@\XWYJ##CKHE%

..N5\4XXYXXR##CKBC(
-

\XX
MXI1S#CKHH`-...2@\XTWXX#333?GH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@TXYY9QC3CGEH/]#3CCBH(
.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGEF&
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB0
PXZZ*!CCCCHH(
.


..NB@@PXZY)##CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYIB##CKHH(



PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGEE%

MZ

W;MPX

.


PXZXXPS#CCEH(/.

M..*@

M-^.`TTTWYZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

Z9&W?N
M'#ITW[R-`S=NW#AQY\Z-

-


M-^:8\\TWWW@#CC?==%
.-N64@\TYV&!3#C;@?!

.
M.NB@

M#CKHE&/.-N,,TXWWX0CSCC=?./-.-Q\`PXXZ*##CKD=----^2

\XXZ*#
M#CKG;,,-.N.($PXVYV#33GCC#

M3C?F?`
..N!X\\TWXW3333?BH(


TXYV)13

M#3C@H(
..NB0TTTWW9`S_\XXXZ##CKHH&...=U\$XXXXXPSSCCBH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

.-MB

..NB@

...%X

MT_]--]V



MX^;M6[=NY

MSCGGH/.-..%@$TXXX8SS#3?;@$/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8_V##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@
M@PTVV/]@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3H



.G+=OZ-9X^;MVS=L
MZ--&X<.';ARX\B-`S=NW#APY<Q]&T=N'#ALYLJ-(S=NG+EOW+9]^X8-&SIL

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

Z=V_8M




\XXXXPSSCCGA+
--^64


\XXZ&`##CC?
MC#/..-QL


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


..-B`\\TXW8`#3CC?E%
..-Z$`PXZZ)!#3C?D

MX'33S3???.--.-B00TXWW8Q#SCCDC#-...=XTTTWY8P3CCCHH(

..-Z`@PXZ

`\XWY8#CS3?@8`/.-^6`0TXYW6Q#SCC=@!-..-YT4TXY

\XXXY#333?@C----]]\X\TW_]Z


.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB88TXYY92##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYHPS#CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(

\XX
MXXQ3SCGGH$/....

XXYY(PSCCGFF'/...B@4TXYXXQSSCCCC(/....
4PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@8XXYZ*!3SCGHH'


.




.
<8\XYYYQSCCGGH(..









=4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ



M.''CT*%#=ZY;-^-\`PXXY:!SSCG8A&...=B8@PTVXHB##3;BA!-...:@@PXZ

..N=T
\XX

4\XW
MX'0SSCCCB-/-...
T\TYYX2#S3GG@%


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H3.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HH(
.

-
M..6@

..NA@
\XXW'P#
MCC??A%/...-T`\XXXXR#SCCCC(
-.NB

PXWVX!3#CC?;`/....8\PTZZ)0#

..NB
\\TXY'@#

TPTVV(PS#C;8@..-]V,TTTWW9#3
M33GDH(/.-^4@PXXY90SSCCHH/.--]]X`PXVX'PS#CG@?`-..=MP$TXWXXCS
M33G@?/.-^.,4P[_-]^`4\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H2.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
MSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


/--N*
@PXZZ*#
M#CKHF/,-..B`X\TWWH`SSCCDC`/.-^4`\XWYIR##3;HH(
..MB4TTTWXXC#
MS3;F=....*@@PTVZ)S_TTTWW9R##CKHC#/...B@`PXXY:`SSCCB;(,..MB@
M@PTVW72##3;B?#/...B@@PXZX)2##CK@E.---^*(@PXZZ*`33CCAA%...=N`
M@PTVYF`3#CCHH(,..N2,@PXZZ&##CKH8#/..-Q\`XXWWH!3SCCC=`

M@\XXY(R##3KHD#/.-MQ\4\XWX'`#SCCCE`
..NB4`PXZZ&PCSCCC@%
..NB@

M_S/.-MQT







@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXXX8QS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD(....B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M0TXYY)1##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYY913SCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/...*@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYY*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZWYA3SCG88(,--MB,
M0XXXW8PCSCC88(,--N44\XXV(Q#CCCEH(
..NB@@PXXY9ACSC?HE%-...B@

MH#

-..6@\XTWV&!33CG8H(
--N.
@PTVYY3S#3CC
MH(
..N&4@PXZWHS333?=F(


MW;AQY





M'3KHH(
..N*`8XXYXY!C3CG@F#/_SCCGD#/...6`
XXXY:`SSCCEG$

M8XXYXYR##CKHH#


..NB


MC'
.-N20@PXZWGP3#CCBC%


..NB@@\XWX913SCCGE%
..N288\XXYY13SCCG
MH(
..N:

XXYY9!#3CGHC#
....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

R5PP9NW#ALW\*%




.-N.
P\TWWWC#S3GHH%-.-^60P\TWW7C3S3C88`-..=UT4\XV
MWWCS33?DC-
-..*(
TXWXXCS#3;CD

-.NB@4XXWX8`C#C;EE(
..MY\$PXX
MX8#3S3C==-

--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##?\V
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N5T8XXY
MX7@SSCC@=%-..=M\@PTVW8ASSCGHH(
..N*`
\XXW71##CG@;`/.-]U@
XXX
MVX`3#CC=@!-..-Z4LPTWX8##S3;@=(

PXY

M-]V




M.G3HT*%#APX=.FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;
M-FS8L&'#A@TVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8/^##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#_@PTVV&##3;88(
-
M-MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,-
M-MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
-
M-MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,-
M-MA@@PTVV*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE@%-..=MT
PXYWHPSSCC=@#/.

MSC?F8+

--MB`4PXXX(2S33GEH&
.-]M\\PTXX)0#
M#C;8E#/...2@@\XXXV`SSC?@D`




&




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB84\XYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




.
M.N9TTTTWY&##CKHH/..-Z`4TXYX)#333??D(
..NB$\\TWW8PSSCC8A/.-
M-]^

\XXXXS333?CD/

.

-.-^4`PXXX)2#_PXZZ(!#3C?=?//--]Z
`XXWWH#S

..NB@XPTXX&`#3CGE@#-.-]UL
PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@0PXZZ*`SSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#
MSCCEE#/....

M



M8\XXY(PSCCGFH(



MY
BA


\XXX'1S
MSCGGE(
B8<\XYYJ!S

M#CKEG(

:8
M<PXZZ)B#CCGFG',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH&


N
M7+EPX

MW#APX


M3C?CD#/..-A@
PXYW72#3CC88'/.-^:4@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
B@<PXZY91S









MH(

<<\XYYY1C3C?=H(

*1

-W+AOZ-A0X?NV[=PX,2-
M*X=NW#ARZ-A&_<M7+APY

B1



..NB@
TXWW92##3GD8-...*$8PXVV*`SSCCC=
...&`
M$\XXXYR##CKH=-
-.NAX
TXXXHQ##C;8D#-.-]V4@PTYY&`3CCCAA#-...)T
M

`TXWXXPSSCC88#/..-UT

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZYYR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@4TXYXYB##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HSIU#APX=.G3H


MY;!AZ_:M7#ETY[AM$]=MG#AOX

--MU\

MH%

.-MB@
PXYXW0CCCCC?/--..&@@XXYYGCSS3CC
M@&/....8$TXXXH13SC?@E
/--]]@
XXWWXR#CCGE@(
..NB@
XXXX7!3#CC?
MH&
..-^@@PXZZ(CSS3CCH(
-.NB


..MA@@TXYX'R#SC;BA#
...68@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@TXY
MZ)R#SCGCH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(


..@!!APX=.73HT*%#APX=

MN7/HT*%#APX=NG/CQHU#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G+HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

--]N@

MXVR##CKHH(
--NB
$XXYY6`SCCCBE(
..NB0(PXZZ)SSC3GEH#/....`
XXY
MYI0##CC@8(
9\@PXZZ*#S#3;88%/.-^@4\XWX*##CKHG%,.
M..
@PTZZ(PSSCCBH'/.-^,,PXXWZ##C;@?%


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


MX)AC#CGDF&


..NB@@PXZ

0\XXY/^($PXXWH`#SCC=?`/.

..-N

.
M.N6`8XXYW71##CGD=(
..MB`X\TWV)#333?@C$/...B@
PXYW7@S#CGE@(
.
M.N4`\XWY(3SC3?=F(,--N=@4XXYX7S333?D8/,-...0,\XXZ*!CSCG;H#,.
M.=UL\XTWWYP3#CCAH./--]Z$X\TWW9BS#3?@C,,--]^`@PXZZ*##3;HC$
.
M.NA@
TXWW8!##CKHG//--^#_=`..-]^`X\TWWH#C#3C?D/

M#CKHH%
..-^@0TXWW71##CKHH#/.-MR0\PTYY&`3CC??=&-...)XTPTYXX!3




M3CGE@`



M.-UT(TXYV&`SCCGBA'/....


.@@PXZYXPS3CGE<+,-.-^88\XXY)AC#CGFH(/.
M.=B0,PXVXYACSCGCF%,..NB@@\[_..2<<PXYXYR#CCGC8(,-.NB@@\XXY913
M#C?FH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

MS3G8F%
..NB


M#CK8@./--]B0TTTWX(PSSCCHH#/..-U\

'+EPX



'CAPY;.C`@2N'#ATZ=.:^@4-'KENW;N30H4
GCMLV







M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(

-..!T
\XXW71##CGHE/.-

--MB
@PXZZ(@3CCCB@`-.
M-]V


4PXWWW@C
M#C;CC(/-..*
@\TWXHPS#C??@-

..-^04TXWYJ##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXVV&##3;88(
--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##38`P88-&S9LV+!APX8-&S9LV+!APX8-






-
M-MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;_V&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;8H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NAPLPTWYGP33CC;E/
-.-B4`PXXZ&`#
M#CCEB----^.@@PXZX)0##CCE@(
--MZ`4TXYZ)BS#3?AF(
--NA@@PXZX(R#
:,,\XXY(PSCC?=?$/.-^


M
PXXX)0##C;8?&/...-@
PXZZ*!S3CG@@$-.-]^`
PXVZ*`3#C;FF(
--NB@
M4PXWWX`3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZX'QC#CK88(

ME(
..MA@4PXXXP!DW#APZ-!APX8.';9QX\:!*_=MW#APW



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ(@33CCE@./--]V4\PTXWH#CC3??A`/.-^:`X\TWXJ##CKB
M?/

M?`
.-MB@@PXZZ)#3#3C?@%
...!X\\TVW(PS3CGF;//--^!X`PXXWWS333GE
MH&-.-]U\\PTZZ*!#3C?==$/....

TXWW8`C#CKHH.--..%@\TTYYF!C#CC?


MC(
..NB0T\TWWHS333?=D(
-.NA@(\XWWH`S#CGCC#/_3C?==`
.-MB(`Y!O



MW[J=.X=.W#=OW

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB$(XXX
MYGSSC3?=E/
-.-]\\\TWWHCS#3CE?/.--^*@@PXZXGSS#3CE?$
..=V`0PXY
MZ)0#SC?HH(
--NB(\PTXWIS333?D@%-..=QT`PY`O'W[!@X;-G3HT*$CU^T;


R5X^9-7+AOWK!A`^=M
MG#ALW\R5^T:N6[=OY

M

..=V`0PXYZ*##3;E@#/...-\
MX\TWX6##O\ZV)3333?8E/
;%/.-^4T\TXXW0#SCCD
MC(,..NB@XTTXX6##C;8B./--]Z<@PXYY'0##CGD@%/.-^!PXPTVV*##CGD
M=-/-...`<PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



M.W?.'#ITZ-9,W?NW+ESY\Z=.V?N'#ITZ,Z9,W?.'#ITY]=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$




.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3_

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ)QSSCCCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

\XTXXH03
MCCGFH(
..NB`$PXXX(QS#C;8A&
.-MB0XPTXWYR#33CBH./-..*(0TXWW8Q#
M#CKHH(-..=UT




M=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXXZ*##CKFF&
.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9QS#CKHH(
.

.

M#CKGC$
..NB@@PXZZ)!3SCGHH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9PC3CCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGC-...B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCGEA(
..NB@@PXZY(2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG%





M-ZZ;MV[FL*%#APT=.G3?S*%#APV=.7/8PJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S
M3CGGG#

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEG'
..NB@@PXZZ)ACSCCFD$
...B@


..NB@@PXZYXPS#CKHH(
..NB4


..N2@


..NB4P\TVX)1#
M#CG8G/
-...$0\XXW8!SSCG8=/.--^5T(\XXYV`#SC?CH(
..MB@@PXZV'PC

..N9\@PXZZ&##CK;B#/...1TTTTWY6##CK8H(
..N4@PXZV*!C
MCCG8A(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@0TXWY9#SS3CGG&/._SCG
MG(


ME$



0XXYWH@CSCGHH(
N6[=RZ
2-^S8N7+AQ
MZ
.W#ARZ-A\R;N&SAQ

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N4
M8XXYWJ#3CGAG'
..=V88TXYX(PS#CKHH(


..NA@
M4TXYV&#SC3?CB#/...%@@PXZV*##CK@E(,..MB@@PXZX)2##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



YAPU8.
.7+=NW;B1&X=M7+=NW<9Y^P9N
M7+=NY=)&P=NW#=OX

ML\TX_^.

--..%@@\TVXHPS#CKC
M=-/-..-TTTTWXX`#3CCC8(/-..-TT\TXXW3333?DH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##C;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--O_88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




J!^T9N'+AOW
RA
M0^?M&S9LX



\XVW'0S#CC?
MH(/....

MVW`##CC@A


..MMPLXTYWX03SC;CC#
.-N6`\PTZ
MV(#S33GC=-/-..B44PXXY8#SC3G?8(/-.-V
(PXZYH#S#3???.
-...

XXY
MV(03SCCC@`
..N!X\\TWY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

MY9QS#CKGH(




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NA@@PXV

.-]QT

..N;_F/
--]^`4\XWWGR#S3C88#
.
M.NB@`XXYV&##C;?@.,-...,,PXXWW@##CGHH#-.-]MP4\XWXXS3#3CCC(..
M.=^`4PXVWX##C;HH%
...B@4PXWW70S#CC88$/.-]Y\@PXZZ*!3#CCDC#/.
M-^60PTTWX8CS#3;HH(
..NB@@\TYVW#C#3CBC..-.=MP\\TWX82S33GHH`-.


..MA\`XXYXG33C3CHF%
.
M..5\`TXYX&#C3C=B#,..N9\`\XVX'SC#3CCD#...=B$`PXYXWP##CK??.,-
M..2@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=




M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A_\.

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYG0SSCC@E`/.
M-]^``\XWZ)S#S3;?8/.--^!@4PXYW73SC3??F(
..N&`X\TWXXR##CKHB/.-
M-^4`\XWXY`##CC=G(,..MZ`@PTVXW33S3CC@&-.-]V`(XXWWWP##C;8E`/.
M..2,\\TWX'R##3KH8/.-]Z$
PXZZ*#3CGE8%,.-MB@@TXYY8##3KH8(
.
M.NB(\\TWX)0##CGD=/

\XXXXPS3C?=C(-.


...4\TTYYHS
M#3C?8(
..NB(\PTXWY@##CGD=/

M#3CCC#

...:8TPTXXHR#3CG@@%
..-Y\XXTXYZ!S
MSC??@#-.-]UT






MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)T[=PX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=.73HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MSCGFG(





G#APX;^C0H4-7SMPY=.;0
MH3M7#ATZ=.C






4@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_`$&'#ATZ

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.';MRX


M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.;&D4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZXXPSSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB8
M8XXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#/...2



TXYY92##CKHH(


MZ



MY-A0X?_#ATZ=.C,F4.'#ATZ=.B@@TXYY9PSSCGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCC
MC&

MG#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N644TXYX8B##CKH
MH(

..NB88\XXXY`SCCGCH(
..N2@@PXZ
MZ*##CKD@!,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE%
..NB@@PXZY913#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ)QS3CGHH(
..NB@@\XYXZ##CKDH(,..NB@@PXZY9QSSCCGH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ)133CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





M'#ATZ

.48TXYX&##CKH


TXYY*##CKHH#/.-^
$\XX_^.@4\XX

..NB(`XXY
MYHQ3#CKHH(..-]^$`XXXXY2#SCCCD(
..NB@(TXXX8@SSC?@@(/...208PXY
MY(Q3CC?=D(

\XY
MY90SCCC@?&

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(

..N20
XXYZ)Q#CCGCB`..

M..@@PXZWY13#CGEH(,..MZ($PXXXI13#CKCD$,..NB,,TXXXZ#3CGCH(
.

MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



MW(0S#CGHH/

.
M.NB@@\XYY8!3CCG;B!-...B@4PXYX6PSSCC@8(

M-^*`X\TWVX0#CCCCH(
..NB@
\XWX(SSS3?@C
.--]^(@PXZZ'PS3CC@C`/.
M..-\`TXWW8`#3CGD@-/-..-@`XXWWVPS#CC?F$-.-]V

M..!T0TXWW71##CKHH(
-.NB@4PXXWV`S3C?==#/.-]Z`
TXWW92##CKH?#-.
M-]V

MS3C==#..-^B@@PXYW713SC;BA`/.-N!\TPTZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3
MSCGEE'



..NB@@PXZZ)AC





MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD$-...B@@TXYW8PS#CKHF%,.-^

PXXX(`33C?CA!/.
M-N-\XPTXXWSCS3CCD#-..-V





..N9\8TXYW(03

\XXX&##CKHG----^.,`TXXW8S333?C?/.--]R$\\TXXJ#
M#CKHH,...

..NB`

MS3CC8`..-]YP
PXXX)@S3C?=B'
..NB@@\TWX)`33C?=A
.-..-T@\TWX)0#
M#C;8_XR#S3CCB(
..NB(`\XWX(3C33GEH(..-]^$`TXXX70S3C?==$
..NB@
M@PTZZ*!CSC?@8#-.-]UT
\XWWH`S3C?=E(
..NB`
TXWW8AC#CKHC-.-...
M0\XXXXS#C3C==---.=QPXTTWWGPC3CC@@&


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYW33
MS3GHH(/._SGCA!
..NB48XXWY9!##CC?F%
..-YTTPTWXY`SSCCDC#
..N.
M



@PXZZ'SSS3CCC$/....





M#3;@H(
--MB0
\XXW8`SSCCCE`
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,-.NB4`TXYY8#


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCC#
..N&
0XXWWXPS3CCD
ME%

--^.

\XXXW33S3?CC$-.-]V




MH4

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M`\XWX'0#CCCCH%
..-]XTTTYY*`S#CGC=-

M@.

M=-

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





MH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-.NB4`TXYY8##3C??
..NB@@XTYYG0##CC@=`.....@4\XW

..NB@@PTX
MWY0#CCGEH/.-]Z`4\XWX)#3#3C@D(/....0,PXYXW33#3GD?.,--MB`XXTX
MX7SS#3C?H%/.-^@X\TWWF`##CGD=`

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGH
MH&






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)B##CKFH&/.
<<XXYZ*!CSCGHF(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDG'
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$-.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#AW_
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@XXXX9AC#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ


F3-GKEPX

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYY13SCGCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M'3ITZ



MXPTXY(PSCC?A=---.-^($PXWX)1CSC;B?`-.-^-@@PTZZ&#S3CC=-,-..!T
M_]/-..!@@\TXVXPCSCC@H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N44PXXZ&#S3?CC$/...9\`\XV
MWGSS3??E&/.-^9@@PTXZ&##3KH8(/-...``\XXXX`#3CG@8(,-.N%LPTTY
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




XXY
MYHR##CGDD&/....@8\XXXYQSSCCD=$/....4(\XWX(Q#3CGEC(

8\XX
MXHQSSCCCE#/...B@@TXYYYQ3SCGDD(/-..:8@\XXY9AC#CGCC(


XXY
MXXR#CCGCC'

8\XWX8AS#CKCC!/...B@
\XXZ*!3SCCGG(
..N:8
\XY
MY)`SCCGHG#-.-^:40PXYZ*!3CCC?@(
..M]X(\XWXXA3#CKDC$

.<<PXZZ)!##CGFC#/.




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



@PXZ
MZ'P3CCC@@----^-TTTTWY*!3CCG@H(
..N.
`PXXWWRS#3C?A-
-.-^`8PXZ
MZ)3CC3CBA!..-]^4PTTXXGR#S3CC8`-...'_=#

PXVV(33#3C?C-.-


PXWWX#3#3;CC
/-

.-..64@\XYW&P#3C?88#
.-]^`(TXWXXS3
M33?DD/--..!\@PXZWGP3#CCA@-/-.-UTTPTYZ*`S#CGHH(
...68`\XVX(#3
M#3CA@-


-.-]\XPTWYJ#CCC@A
..-^

PXXYJ#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZX)!3
MCC??A/.-^.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(

..NB`4PXYXXSS
MC3GE@(

..NB
T\TVW&!3

.-MB8\PTYXXP##CKH8(
-.NB`\TTWW6PS


..-A@XPTXXXPSCCG?@(
..N!\




C1M';APZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


M0TXWW7@#CC???`..-]]T4PXZZ*#C#3C??..-..&@@TXYY72SS3CD?-


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYVPSCCC@
ME(
..NB(\XTWX)3S#3CD=`
...2@@PXZX7S333?DC/
-..)X\\TWX)0##CGE
M=%

0
'


M8PXZZ(PS#CGD=-/-...
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ(PSSCGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




MG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


MZ-#_H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8XXY
MXY##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHG%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(






MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKAH(


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,\XYZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@TXXYIAC#CKHG&/...B@
M@PXYY)133CGDH(
..NB@@PXZZ)13SCGCG&
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGCC#,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


M.G3HT*%#AP[=N7+HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3DR*%#APX=


M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NC_H(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB((\XXXG33C3G?@//--^&``XXXY:#

M#CKBF$
6<4TXYZ*!33CGCH$

M#3;F_XQSSCGFC&...=Z(\PTXXI1SSCGCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


W;IPX;./&E3M7KAPZ=-Z^A0
G




M3CGDD$

..NB@4TXWY)13SCCHH(
..N20@PXYY90S

\XYV&`SCCGCC'

..N64T\TXXHA#
MSCCFF#


..NB@@\XYXY13SCC?F&

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PTVXZ!SSCG=C(
--MN`TTTWXWS#S3;?
MA`/.-^%T8XXYX:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0



M`\XVX'S3#3CA@-/--^!\8\XXWG0SSCGHH,...60$\XVXY`S#CC?@/]3#CCC
MC`/..-UTTPTYZ*!33C?EE.--..*,@PXZWW@SCC?BA/--.-Y\(\XXXH3SS3?8
M8#,.-]^`TPTZZ*#CS3C==`,..-UT8PXZY9#333G??(.-.-UT`\XXVW#S33?H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##3KEF+.-..!\P\TWW72##CK@?#-....`\PTXX'SC33G?

0PXXWY1##CKH
MH(


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZW&#_@\TXZ*##CKHH(

MWH@3#C?E8(
-..6``TXYX&#33GCC$/.-^6``PXVZ*#3CG@8(/-...``TXY
MV(!3CCG?H(
..N.0\PTXY8PSSCCCH(
..N.




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGA----^1@







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MY'#333?C8(,..MB,@PTVXZ##CK?C#/...9\`\XWW)#CC3??H(
..NB4`PXX


MXX##C;88#/....`@PTZZ(#C3GFH(

.
M.-UT`\XXZ*!CCC?HH'

@PTWX'P3#CCEE`/....
@XXYX'S#C3GHH#
.

T\TVXY`S#CC?@%
....0
PXXWGSS33GHH%
....


-.-A@4\XVX(`3#CKHH(
-.M^`@TTYX'QC#CKEE`-.






B1

#0H2/7#1TZ=.:Z==,-.=A@@PXZ
MYYS#C3?88.,-..!\\PTXV&`CSC??@%,...64L\TYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






-V[9OV
*)\^8-'+AR


..NB@@PXZ



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@

M8TXYYYQC3CGF=(






ZA.X?N


X?NG+ESY]A,W?N
MW+ESYM=
X?.7#GGH(


.


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGEE(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q3
MSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYYS_

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(






M8\XYYZ#SCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGG',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3FS)E#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKG_YPS#CGH
MH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(....B@@XXYYJ##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N*@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)##CKBH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#
MAPX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



P[_.N2

...:



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



-
M.=^


\XYZ*#SC?B@!/....$(\XYXY1C#CGDE%....88PXZYXPS
M3CD`


S=NG#ESY
R9&T?.G+ER




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=




N
M6[=RZ




XPTXX8#3#3C@@#/.-^!\
PXXWGPSSC?HH%..
M-^&$$PXVY92#33G@?/.-...
PXTWXHB#3CG==#-.-]UT0PXWWW@C#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


M@PXZZ*##CKHH#/...B@@PXZY(QSSCGGE(,..NB8,\XXY:##CKHH(
..NB@


..NB@




\XXXY`S#CKH@.
-




PXZZ(C3

M#3CCC(/....04PXXV&##C;HH(,.-NB@@PTZV&#S3?@?'
..MA@4PXXXXPS
M#CCHH(/--^:4`\XXXXPSSCCCD#
....
@\TXZ*`SSCCFE`
.-NB@@XTYWX#
M#3KCD-,-...,@TXYX'P#CC?@@#-.-]^`,PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



..N=T








M#CGDG#/...6@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

PXXWXCC

XXWWVQ#SCCCC#

M`\XXY(PSSCCD?-

-.MA@$\XWWGQC#CK88%
....

\XWWGP3#CCEF/--.=UT

M@$-.-]^`
TXWX'P#SC;HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H1.WC9LY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.7
@4/W#=RX

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

MB`
..-Z0
PXYXXRS#3?GH/
-.-]T0PXYW8!##CG?E`
....
`PXXY7SSC3?A
MH'-.-]V
`TXYY8#C#3C@?(
..NB$\TTWW8PSSC?@B..--]]\4PXXWY3333GE
MH/.-]YP,\XXXY`S#CKHD-,-..
(XXWWXS3S3CC=`/....
0\XXXX#3S3CC


MZ*!C3C?==$
.-NB@@XTYWX`CCC?@@-

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#%X[;MG/HT*%#


M5XXWYIB#SCCDC(
..N:4TPTXWX#3S3C@@(/-..2


ME%/.-^,(PXVXZ##CK8B#
..-^44\XWXI`S3CC;D#/...B48PXWWG33S3?B
M?`/.-^9\`\XXY'P##CCC@!-.-^-\`\XVX'33#3CA=-
-..88XXXXZ#3CG=

X\TWWXASSCGH

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB8@TXY

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*S#3;8C(

.-^&$@\XXXXR##CKE
MF//-..2
`TXYX'R##3GCC`

MY91C3CCAA(
-.N64$TXYVW#CC3G==&
..NB@\XTYV&!C#CC?@#/..-A@`\XX
MXXQCSC?88(


...6@@\XWYHPSSCCF?`
.-NB@@PXZ
MV(#SC3GCC#/...B((TXWW(PS#CGHC#-.-^,,\XXY8`#SC?F?`/...-PLPTW
MY'##33?C8(,--]^$$\XWY8#SS3CCH(/....@@TXYX'P#3CGDC#,...B@@TXY
MVWC3S3C8H(,.-N-@@__-..B84PXXZ&##3CE@`
.-MZ``PXYZ(PS3C?@C#
.
M-]N0
TXWX(P#SC?E@(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8\XX
MXZ##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYYW@#CC??C----]V4@\XYYW0S3C?==$








M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#






.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






R=0W?NW+ESY\R=.X?.W#ESZ



MZ


.

..NB@8\XYYYQC#CKHG$/.-]Z@@PXZZ)Q3#CKHF(/.

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



..NB@8XXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGED(,..NB@
M0\XXYYR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/....



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYY*##CKH
MD$,..NB@@PXZZ)!##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXXZ##CKHH(


MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HR)%#)PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*$C


MAPZ=.7/CQJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.7+HT)4K5PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(


M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9R##CKHH(
..NB@
M0PXYZ(B##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#CCCA
MH(


MC#

..NB@@PXZZ(QS#CKH
MH(

..NB48\XXXXB##CKG
MG#
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(-.-^`@PXZXXP#3CCA@(
..NB@@PXZ









..N20
M


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N.80TXYY)0CSCC?

MC%

0\XXYI0SSCCHH(

PXY
MY:##CKG=#/...`0PXYY)@SSCCGD#

..N:0
PXY
MYY0SSCCHD$



..N68XPTYYYACSCCGG`
0
M=.C

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ




..NB4
\XYYY`SCCGF
MG#..-]V4@PXYY6QCSCCCE'

MD#

\XYYI@S#C;HH(
..N.
4TXYVW!C#CKHH#/...&(0PXZY91S#CKF

PXVY(QCCCGCC&
..NB@4\XXYYR#S3C8


@TXYXYQS#CGDH(/..=B

PXX
MXI13#CKDD$
..NB


0\XY

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




4TXYZ(PSSCCFE#/.


.






F1M'#ATZ=.C$A0L'SIPY=.;


C1M7#ATZ=.C*C1MW
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'


--^!@LXTX
MXY0#SCGGH(


\XW


-..$`\XWWG`S3C?==#,..-]X$PXW
MVXS333?=C//--^

\XW
MWX#S33?=C-/-...4P\TWWHB##CKHB.--..%@

MX'Q#3C?EE(
..N&(\TTXZ*##CC@A//-.-UTTTTXX(`SSCC==#-.-]UT,PXV
MZ*#CCCAA.--.=UT8PXZ_^.
TXTXX'PSSCC??(
..N.0\TTWXH3#C3CAA.--
M.=QL(\XWV&`S#C;CC
/--N*(
PXZZ*`CCC?@?(--.=A@
PXWWWS3#3;CC(
.


M.-V

PXXYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB44\XWX'3333?FH(
..MZ
(\XXWX`3
MCCC8C#




..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF/
-
M..B@
\XXXHP33CCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NA@8TXYYX!3CCG8E`/.
M-^40\XXXXPSSCCF?!-..-B0TTTWX(S#S3;@?!
.-]N4@PXZZ*##CKHH.,-
M-]N,PXTXXWQCSC?@C#,.-MA@`PXXWYR#SCCCC#/....0,PXXWXS3C3CBH$,.
M-]QT,\XWX*#S3?@E(/--^!\`\XWWH`S#CGC?&
.-MB`XPTXX(PS#CGCC`
.
M.NB@@PXVV(C3C3CCH(
.-MB0
\XXY(R#3CGE@#/....8@PTXX)0##CKHC-/-

...68
\XXX'R#
M#CKFF`
.-^!\4PXVY92##CKCC$/.-^:4@\TWYI1#SCC?@%
..-A@@PXVZ*#
MS3C==


\XXY(Q#
M3C?@C#

MZ
.W#=OW]A0S=N'+AO

7#ALZ

W#C;GG!
.-]A@8\XXXWP#3CG@;
.-
M-^!@@PTZZ)A3#CCH8(

-
M.NB@@PXVX(`#SCC8E$
...B

TXWX(PS#C;H?`
.-NB@@PXZY(PS#C;H8(
-

.
M..6`\PTVWWP#SCCC@//--]^40PXZZ'P#SCCCH(
..N=LPXTWW'CS#3CE@`
.
M-NB@4TXYX/^@@PTVVX`3#CCHH#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ'S#S3;E;#,..=QX,\XXZ*#
M#CKHH(


...!\\XTXXZ!33C?==$
.-]O_@(
-.-^8
M(XXWWWA#3C?=@#/....`4PXVV)#3#3C?C#/....

TPTXWXB#SCGG=.
-.-]@




_=M
MG+=NX+YUZ_9M7#?=D-
-...

.
M..64TTTWX'SC#?\ZZ*`S#CGDD----^2


TXWW71#3C?@?#
..NB@(\XWWX#SC3?GH(

M3C?==$-.-]^`(PXVYYSC33?CD----^.`\XTYWW3CC3?@8(
-.NB48\XVWX@C
M#C;HB!
..-Z`\XTWW9!#3C?@D$/.-^=TTPTYX8@3#CKHH(...-YTTPTWXWP#
MCC?@C#-.-^(,PXVWWSCS3?AH(,..N.,0PXVZ&##3KHH(/....@@X[_-]]@
M@PTXY8PS3CC=C#-.-^00TXWY*##CKG8(--.=R44\XWYH`##CG=@/


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ&#S#3C@@%-..=B4`\XWX'S333?CC---_S?=D$
..=V8TTTWX(CCS3??

AUZ]9M'+AOYKY]\Q8.&SITV+Y]


MX^8-&[AOW\2!^U8.'3ITV-!APQ;.VS=OX

M#3CA@%

@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYG3_


MTPTXXXS3#3?DC(
..N&(X\TWYIR#C3GBA./--]^`4PXXY)3333?@@/
-.NB@
M
\XXY)#333?CC#
..NB@@PXXWGR#C3???+


M


.-NB$(\XWWWP#SC?=
MD$-.-^00PXXYW33S3CBA
..NB@@TXXWG33#3?C@`..-^,,TXWX(PC#C;@
M?./--^@@PXZXXPS#C;H8(


..N=TX\TWWZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3F









:<8\XYY9S333?HH(

<<\XYYYQ3SCGGG(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH(


MWI1##CKHH(



F4-G#ATZ


G4-G[MPY=.C


M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3ESJ%#APX=.G3HT)$K=PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ)1SSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&/...24@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H3-G
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0G3M'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT)T[
M1PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG/GR*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M_SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@8\XXYI0SCCGFF(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3
MSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*`C#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@XXXYIAC

..NB@


M'3ITZ





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CGAH'/.

\XXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9PSSCCGH%-.

M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGGH(,..N2@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


R9
T=N7+ERX
R-





:9&R?NVSETZ

:1

V=NW#ERY
AY


(XXYXXQS

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


M@PXZZ)`SSCCFC(
..N6
@PXZY(QCCCG?A`/.-^.4
\XXXY1SSCGEH(
..N.0




M4TXYY)!33CGCG$

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB
TXTWW8P#
M3C?=B+/-..-\$TXWW7S3S3CB?./-..-\\XTXX6`CSC?@;`-.-]V`$TXWW8`#
MCCGFH'
.-MB
\TTXX(R##CKHE`
.-]N
\\TWX(SS#3CED(
..M]X
TXWX?^$
M\\TYZ*!#3C?ED

M(PXXX(`#CC?CD#/.-^&`(PXVXY`CSC;@?----^2
@PTZZ*!3#CC88#
.-^B@
M@TXYW713#C?AB/
--^!\TPTZZ*#SC3GHH'
.-^!\TPTXX(33#3C?@#-.-]Z


-...@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB44TXWX'P#3C?CA`
.-^.``TXWXY`S#C;B=-
-..-@@PTZV&#33C=
M@//-..B40XXWX82##3;EH$-..=V4P\TVXHS#3??=(
..NA@(TXXW8`SSCC?
M@#...-B
P\TVWX0##CC@=$/...-@
PXYXJ`CSCC@?$-..=V
TTTWXXSC33?C
MD----]V0@PXZXH`#SC??;#/..-UT0PXYZ'@S#CG=A#/..-B
XTTWW9`#SC?F
MH#...-^


M@PXZZ'`CSCCC=#..-]]@
\XXXW@SSCCCC-


MTXTXXW2#33GE8%
.-]M\$PXVV(R##CKHC----]V
`T[_-]V$P\TXY'@33C?=
M@-.-..-X\\TXXWP#3CCB8!

MB(
..NB4$\XVW(SSS3?@C`

M?

-.-UT@PXZXX@3CC?EE---.=MP$PXXW&P#3C?88#/..=QL(\XXZ*#3CC@
M?
.-N.
$\XWWX#33G88%,..NB@`XXWW&P#3CC88!-...!\$\XWXXPSSC?@
MA
.-N.
$PXWWX#333?CC(
-.NB@4PXXV&`SSC;HH(-..=UT4\XVXH0#SC;@
M?-
-.NB@`TXYZ*!SSC;@?-
-_SCAA-/--^`,TXWW8PS#CCFH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##C;HE&/.-N*`$PXVW(0CSCCHH(....%X\\TXWH033CC8@//-..%\`\XX
MX733S3C8C#
..-^

TXWXWCS#3CCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


\XXW8`SSCC8
MH(
--N4@PXZZ(PSSCC@E(,--N)TP\TVXV`3#CCHH(,..MB`4XXYWYB##3C?
MH(.--]]L\\TVW)3S#3;8H(,--MB@_P/....,P\TVW*##CKHB-.--]]\@PXV
MV&`S#CGCC(/...2

--]N
0\XX
MY(RS#3?HH(
..MA@@PXXXXPS#CKHH%
...68\XTYV&S#3C@A(,..M^`4PXY
MXXP#3CG@@%,.-MMP\TTXV&##CKBC-.-..B@@PXYWGSC#3;GG+/--]^`@PTZ
MV&##CKHH/^##3C?@/.-.=A@8PXXWX!3SCCDC#/...:4`PXXV&`S#C??@+,-
M..B@@PTZZ*!3#CC88(,.-NB@@TXYX'QCSC?FE(,--]^`$PXZZ*`33CGHH%/.
M-N`$\XWY9@#SCCCC`






PXYXXQ#SCC=
M=`/...B@
\XXZ*`SSCCCC#
...68\PTYW70#SCC88(

M;`-..-B@@\XWYF#33G@H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N=T
\XX
MX)3SS3???`/.-__HH'/..=Z`TTTWX(PS#CG=@#...-B@@PTVXWASSCGHC#/.


(TXXZ*##CK_X8CS
M#4^C2

&#APV





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MG+ERZ



GSAPZ=.;0E3.'
MCIRW;^C

G4.'#MTY=.;.F3.'#ATZ=.C*G3MW

F4.'







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.
<@\XYYYR#CCCBC(
..NB@8\XYZ*!C#CKGG'
.
M.N?_H%

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@








..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@




..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB44\XXYJ##CKDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGHH(
..NB@@PXZYIAC
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB8,TXYY:##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYY913#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@

..O_HH(

MH(

..NB@@PXZXY2##CKH
MH(

MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!#3CGE
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEG(

..NB@@\XYYY1SSCCCH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!AP[=N7/ESHT;APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/...2
@PXYXXQC3CGD
MD$/....
(\XYXY!3CCGCC&

4XXYY)`SCCGF




\XXY8PS#CKEG(


PXZ


\XYYI`SSCGHH(....&((\XX
MY8Q#SCGDC$...=Z$(XXYXYQC3CGDG'
..N:88XXYYI!#SCCGH(
..N*`\XTY




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

4XXY





ME%

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.^<?/V







MZ)!33C?E;
--.-QT_]--.=Q\`TXWW'P#3C?HH(/...!TTXTXVWSCS3C=C#/.
M-]^0
TXWY6RSC3C?;
.-..6@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZY*!S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@8XXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKCG(



M#CKHH(

M#CKHE'



R9
X?_#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
/`8?L&[ENX;MW$

-.-^8
PXY
MXY`SCCGE@!
.-MB
T\TW_^,`PXZZ&##CKHC-
--]N

PXZZ*!CSC?@F/.-

..-^8\PTWW'CS#3C@E(
.
M.MA@`PXXXXPSSC?FE(/--^:4
PXYXXP##CK88!
.-N2
LPTXW&S#S3?AA(
.
M.=Y\XPTZZ*`#3CG88/

...6``TXYX(03
MSC;EH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF%
...A\`\XXY(PSSCGHH(
..M^$(\XYXYAC
M#CKHH(
..N6

.@@PXZZ*##CKCD(
@@PXZZ*#333?@F-...*$\PTXX9S#3??C----^B@
M@PXZZ``$'3ITY<:5*[?-'#ITZ-!]\R;NVSAQY=-(T<.'3ITZ
YAPT;.W+AQ
MY[Z%$V=NG#ESX




V=N'#9TZ-A*V?.V[ASY\R-.W?.&SASYLR9*U?N'#ERY-1(T?N'+EQ


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY'3333?C8`/.

0PXVV(#C#3C@D----]V8(TXXXIC3
M#3C@?-




.-]M\(PXZZ*!3
M3C?=D----]V8@XXYYW0S#CC@E`-.-]U\`XXXXGQS#CKBA/.--^.0
PXXY9B#


...B@
M@\XXY(#SC3G8A,..-Z,,\XXXXPSCC?C@/.-.=]X\TTWY:##CKHH(
..NB@



M&SETZ-=PX9M7#=QX[Q]R=N'+AMW

<

..-V``\XWX(3CS3?EH(
..NB`4PXYW6`#
MSC?CH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@


?!
.-]^`T\TWWVS#S3;BC#
..NB@@PXXX7SSS3CA;
/-..!T
MT\TXV*##CKHE&/.-N-TTPTWWW33C3?=@`..-^)PL\TXW733S3C==-,-.=N(
M(PXXZ*##CKB@`
...%TT\TXW733#3GHH(
..M^
(TXWY803SC;@@`/..-UT

M$TXWWX`#CCGHH(
..MB$(TXWX)`S3C?B?./-_S?C=+
--]]T`\XWXW1C3CGH
MH(
..MB``TXXW7P##CC?A/.--^6@@PXZZ'Q33CG=8`
...*@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




<@PXZ

Z9
W?NW+ESY\Z=.V?N'#IT
NW#ETZ-=.W?N'+IS

..NB@@PXZZ*S#3;8C(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGF@(
..-^


M@`
.-N!\`TXXW8@S#CKHH(/.-^6


--^.

PXXWH#S33GHH(
..MB@@PXV

..-B`\PTXWY1C#CCCC#
..NB@@PXZ
MV)A3#CCCC#
...A@@\TXV(S#S3;@A(


\XX
MX)0SSCCCH(
..NA\8TXYX)#CC3??H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




..NB@@PXZZ*!CSCGH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@8\XXXZ##CKHH(

..NB@(XXW
MWWP#CC??G(


PXX
MXXQ#SC?DD----]^`@TTYX'Q#SCCHH(
..N20TPTXY)#3C3?CC----]^`TXTW
MX'P#3CGHH(
..M]X`\XWWGP3#CKHH(

\XX
MWWS333GHH(
..N:8TTTWY)`##CKHH(
..N*
XPTXY90##CG==`



-.-^((PXZ

.-]Z($\XWWX#SC3C?;
/-
M..&
(PXYW8#S#3G=?`
..=^84PXXZ*##CKE=-,--N6`\PTYW8#S#3GHH(,.
M.N!\XPTVWWCSS3;E=-/-.-V``PXYZ*##CK?@!
.-NA@@TTXWGSCS3GHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MB!
..NB@@PXZZ)!3SCCCH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXYR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH%

..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXY
MYJ##CKHH(
..N:

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CCAG(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH#/_SCGFH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.


MCCGHH&
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGHH'



..NB@@XXYYIACCCGHH(


..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


.

..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGEH'/.



M#CKHH(
..NB@8XXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB`4TXYZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)P#3CGEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q3

M=.C



H4.'#ATZ=.C.F4.'[APZ=.C0H4.'KMPY=.C
H3MWKAPZ

G2N'#ATZ



M=.;

..NB@@XXYY9QSSCGGG(..





.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%-.-^60\\TXYYQCSCCGG$

TXYYI@SCCGCB/--

..NB@@XXYV&!C#C;CC(
..N!\8\XXYIB##CKCD#..
M_SC@C#/...2
0\XYY*##CG@E$/...644TXWY8PS#CGHE$....@@PXYW913

.-N.88\XYY)13#CKH8(/-..644PXYYY`S


TXYWX@C3CGDD$


M#CGC=-/-..:88XXYZ)QSSCCE8(/-..:88\XXYHQ#SCC@H(
..N2
0TXYYHPS




PXYYIA#SCCCH%/....@@XXYY@#$G#ESYL:10X=N

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@
M4TXWY92SC3C?@+




-.-YLP\TYZ&#S3C;@/.-..-TTTTWXX0##C??A!....$

-..)TTTTYZ(#S33C?C$
..-R




J!&S=N'+AOX
:%
MZ]9M'#ANV\!U^P8N7+=OX

M*P?N&SAR_^C0C?LF+ERX;^'@3.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%,...68\XTYV&##S3?A
MA/--.=A@`PXXVW#C#3;CC#,...64@PTXWX`#3CGHH(,..NB@@PXZV&##C;H
MH(
..MA@(TXWXXB#CCG?@+/-...



MZ
!Y^^8-FSELV

9U`S=N'+IQWKJ!&P?N&SIL

M


--^B@@\XXY'P#3CGC@`/...B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

MG#/...B@@PXZY9R##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ)##CGDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXYY9R##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXYY*!CCCGFD#


XXY


MVS=LX\:-^X8.'3ILZ-!]\XTWWV!C#C;8A(


M`TXYX'PSSCCFE(
-..:4`\XWXXP#CCGCC#/...`XPTXW733#3?CC#,..N.,
M,\XXXXP##C;HH(,--NB@`TXYZ*`SSCCFE(/--M[_=#/.-^B@@PTZX82#C3GH
MH%,....,,\XXXXS3#3CCC(/..-UT`\XXWX##C;@@%
....

\XVW&Q3#C?=
M=#
.-MQL\TTXX(!3#CCCC#
..NB@@PTZX'Q#SCCHH(
.-NB@`\XXXXPSSCC=
M?`/...B@@PXWVX#SS3??E%
.-]V0
\XWZ*#CCC=C
..N1\X\TWWGSC#3;@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(

..NB
4XXYZ*`CCCCFH(
..NB@@PXZ

MY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MYXR##CKHH(

..NB0@PXY










..=UT`PXYZ*#S33G@@#-.-]UT0\XW
MY90##CKHH/.--]UT

--^.
T\TWXY`S#CGCC`
.-NB@@\TW
MWWC#33GHH#..-]UT4TXWW70S#CCHH.--..20TPTZZ*!S3C?CC$/...2
TPTX

MY)3333GHH!
..-Y\

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


PXYYIPSSCC=F(
.

MF2-';APZ=.C

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MYZ!SSCGGH(

MY:!SCCGFG'




.-N60


.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGCC&
..NB@8XXY_^B@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H2-7
M[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-'
MCAPZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-'KMRV;N/&C4
'[ILY=-BPH?N&
M#9LY;.7


`TXYV&##CKEF/,-..6``TXYZ(Q#SCCF@/,-
M-NA@@PTVX(#S33C=B#,.-NA@@PTVZ(#SS3CCC#/...B@@\XWWF##3CE@`/_


-.N.0
XXYX80#
M#C;HE%
...5PL\TWZ(`#3CG@E&/....0
XXYWZ#SCCCF%,.-N.48PXVX*#

M#CK8H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MSC?@8(
..-]\T\TVYI0#CCG88`

..N`4\XXY(S#
M33?CC(--.=QL`PXXZ*##C;HH/




PXYXXR#
MS3?HH%
...68\PTZZ*#SC3GCC#/..-A@XPTXY)2#3CG@_WR#3CG@?
/--]^`
M`\XXXY#SC3G88(
..N:4`\XWYGP#3CGHC#/...5\`PXVZ&##3;?@/--.-V,
M(PXVZ&##3;H?`/...2

\XXZ*#CC??8(,-..6`\\TXX'###3;?@/--.-V(
M(PXZZ&##3K@C#/...B@@\XYVWSC33GHH(

.--^A\

..N9P

@PXZX_^
8TXYV(QC3CG8@(
..MB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




G+MRX


..NB@@PXZZ(@S
MSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88XXYZ*#

._SKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ(B##CKHH(,..NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGE=-/-..-T
MXPTYY'3SC3CA@.
-..4@TTYYH#S33GE8%,...$`\XWWH#C#3;8?./--N20

-.-Y\

\PTXWGSS#3CH
MH(-...`\\TXXY`SSCCHH(..-^.0$XXXY(Q#SCCCD//--^`0\XWY90##CKH
MH/.-^.0,PXYXXS3#3CDD(/..=]\`PXYWX#3C3?@?`/....,`TXYV&##CKE
ME`/.-^9\`TXYZ)AC3C??@//--]Y@@TTXWWCSS3??B#..-^%@@XTXX'SC#3GC

..NB$(PXXWXPS#CGH
MH(...=B`\TTXWWCS33CC@`..-^9XXXTXX'CS33G==-/-.=UTTPU`RJ%#AZZ;









..N2


M4\XYXY1CCCGDC%-..=V4@PXZZ)@SSCCG@..--^)\
XXXY:`SSCCDG$


..N1P8XXYY)A33CGCG$


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MYIR#3CGFG(



M

M


_?-&[ISYLJ9

R9
M
X?.G+ESY

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&-..-UT
M
PXVY(S#C3?CD/
-.NB@

..MB
0XXWX(Q##CKG8(/-.-B

PXWWWS#3CB
MH(,..N*$`XXXX)1#3CC;C$/.-^9\`\XVXXPS3C?=D$,..N9LPXTXXWCSS3?C
MA!-.-^1@@PTXY:##CK8B#/.-N$(\XWWVS#33CC8(,-.-YP,\XXWH`SSCC=
ME(,..N=P\PTXW6#SS3?_X8`3#CC=D----]V0TTTWY:##CK8B
/--N.`P\TV

..MQ\TTTW
MX(2##3;BA(
--N-L`\XWY7@33CC=?`


..NB
0\XXV(S#S3;@B.---]B4`\XWX)0#SC?=C(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB48\XVX&#C3CA?/--.=V44\XVXH`3#C;@@!-.-^.$`PXX
MXZ##CK8C#..-^,,PXZYV#S3C8C#
.-]]PLPTXXJ##CKC@!/..-^44PXX
MW(PS_PXXY8#S#3?BC#-.-]V00PXZYGSS3CC?.


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGDH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH',..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)R##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGG(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYYYR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$,.-]UT,PXVZ*#S3C88#
..NB@\\TWWX`SSCC@?&
.
M-N.0

M...
0\XXZ(#SS3??C$/....
0\XXY'33#3CC@/
-.MB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ)1C
MSC?@8(
-..6

\XXX)1CSC?F@/

MS3??E%






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXY
MXZ##CKHH(
..NB@@XXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY913#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHD'/._SGHH(

..NB(@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&..

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*!3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXYY(2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@TXYY9PC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGEE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCCG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MSCGHC#/....4@PXZZ*##CKHC',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXXQS
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3
M3C?==#,.-NB@@\TYV&!S#CKHH$-.-^`
P[_.=^`4PXVXXS333?ED`..-]]X




LV#AVZ<][`?0.'3=PX;^#*



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)QS3C?GF&


MSCCE8#/...:@

M4XXYYHQS3CGEC'

8PXVV(R#SCGGA%




.
6@8PXZZ*!CCCGFH&
..NB@8XXYYZ!S

..NB@@TTYYZ!S






M8\XYYIQS#CCCG'

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB


C`/.-^:@,PXY_^-T(\XXYJ#CS3?A@!,..-V,TTTWW9##CKC
M?/

PXYW*##CK8
MC`,..-YPLPTWX9##3;C8








M[ILW=.C0H4-WKEPYYYQSCCGHG#/...*8@PXZYYQC3CGHE/.--^B@4TXYYZ!C
MCCGFH(






..NB@@TXYYYAS#CKFG(/..=A@
M8\XYYIR#CCGFF(..-^60@XXYYYB#_\XYXXSS33?GF(



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MC#....=TTXTXWV#S3CHH(
.-N*$$XXWY7SSC3CC@/
--^.





MPXTXW6#S3CHF%,..-^$$TXWYJ##CK?F%...=^84\XWV(PS#CC;F+
--]]X
MX\TWXWR##CKEA..--^)P\PTXX70SSCC==$
..=V4PPTWWHB##CKE@(
--N.@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88XXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*!CCCGFH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&/....4@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@0PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYY9##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXY
MZ*##CKHH(,..N24,XXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

MX\:A^^;M&[9QY

:-(\?M&[AP


M8(

@PXZY8##3;HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#3CCBH(,..NB@@PXZZ)AC3CGEE(,..NB@@XXY
MYIB##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#3CGEG$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCHH(,..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(


M&S9TZ-APT:N6[=NYKIU^[8-.-]@,\XXXZ!C3C?=?`-.-]UX`XXWWWB##3CF
ME-...*
XPTWXXPSCC?@?`
.-NB@@\TXWGQC#C?FG(-..=MP8PXVY9`#3CG?
M@(

-.-Y\\PTZ
MX(!3#CKDC#


PXZZ(PSSCC==-



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ










..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
:<<\XYYZ#


M3CCHH(
..N:8@\XYZ*!S#CKFG'


MSCGGG(

M3C?FF'


..NB@8XXYYIQ3









-


M.-V

\XWXGP##C;CB,.-]]TTPTVXWCS33C8A`,...%PLPTXW7P#3CC8A
.

..N=@
\XXW8CS
MC3?HG(
--N-@

..MB(P\TVX)0#SC?C?!
..-V``PXXWH0C
MCCCHH-..-]\@PTVXZ##CK8C`/.-]R

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF%,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG%
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@,\XXYI2##3CHH(,--NB@`PXVY9@SSCCHH$/..-Y\XPTVXXPS
M#CCEE`...=^`@TXYVW#3S3C88(,.-MA@@PXXY9B#SC?FE`-..=A@`PXZV&#

...A@@PTVX'P##CCE?`/...2

.0,PXYWV##3KH8(

..MA@
M`\XWX)B##CK8H`

--NB@
M@PXZV'SCS3?8D#/...40\XXXW3S#3CCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MF4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H2-W;MPX=.C&C3N'#ATZ=.C0


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


-..6`\TTYW8Q#SCCBA,..NB44TXWXWC333?F
MH(/..-YPLXTYWYA3#CCHE%-.-]V,,PXWW8`##CG=G(..-^`\PTVZ(@CSC?8
MB#/.-]UX\\TWX'P#3CG8F%

MC#/...($\XWXF##3K8H(
..MB`\\TWXJ#3CG@C#/...4TTTWWHS#S3;=


PXY
MXW3333?D=`




WSAPZ


..NB@
M

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MW73#S3CHH#/..-]X`PXVXXPS3C?CC`...=^`@TXYW733S3C88(
.-M^`XPTV

.-]Y@@TTX
MWWCC#3CF?`-..=V





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ)13SCGEG'



\XTWXYP#SC?C

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'




M*W?NW+ERY]A*W?.W#ETY]A

J=
W?.G#ESZ
R=
M

..NB@8\XYYIACSCGGG%
..-UT4\XYY91SCCGH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB((PXY
MV(@SCC?8D#/...@@PXZV(@C#C???.

.

-..&
@PTVYZ#SC3?C=!-.


M.-]\\XTWW'PCSCGGH.--..)\$TXWW8S333?=D(..-]^(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@0PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8\XXY9##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHE%/.-M]LPXW_.-B

\XXX*#
M#CK8H(,..-B`\PTXYJ##C;H8(
-..60
\XXZ)`SSCC8H/


\XXWYB##3;CC#/....`
\XXXX!3


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

V

E0
W




MAPX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0


&#ALZ=.B^





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(





M8PXZYYQS#CKFE%

MF&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXY`SSCCC
MB(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q33CGH
MH(
..N:80TXYY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)13#CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CGH
MD(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXHR##CKHE'

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)AC3CGED(
..NB@@\XY
MYY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB44\XYZ*##CK_Y9QS3CGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB00PXX

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N.

\XXXXB##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB(@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB04TXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4TXYYY##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY*##CKHH(,.
M.NB,,XXYYHQ3SCGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB88TXYY)2##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(-.-^!\@PXZY90#3CCCC(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(..-^*
$\XXY(PCSCGCC&

M.-MP@TXYXXQS#CGCG'
00\XXYGSCC3CFC#..




.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..-V(
M(PXWXWSC33C=@`-.-^-X\\TWXW33S3;@=-
-.-]LP\TVXHPSSCCEH(
..NB0
M


V+IPX;^&^
?0
MH4



MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@8XXWZ*!S#CGCC`
.-N!\
M`PXXY9CSS3CDC(
..NB@@PTXXY`SCC?@?#


M8(
-.N@`!!VZ;^:^@2L';ARY;N#&C4.'[ALX;^3&C2


;&C1L'KEPY;./&C3.'#1NV;^BP81N'C=PX

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

W






M
\XXY(S3#3CCC(
..M^`8\XXXXP#3CG@?(.-.=QL\\TWX(!3#C;@?&/....
M`TXYX'R##CK?@%/....

\XXWWS#C3GHH'
.-]]X
M`PXVZ*`#SCCCC`..-^!\@XTWX'Q3#CCCD#
....
TPTXXXP#CCG?@(
-.NB@
M@PXZZ&S#S3GHE%
...!@@\TWWY1##CCE@`
.-NB@@PXZXW33S3;8E&/...1\
M`XXYW'P##C?;@/--..)TTXTXZ*##CGCC#/....,,PXWW9`S#CCHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'[MLV;N6V
MF3


MP\TWX&`CSC??@$-.-]UT
PXXWY0##CKHH&-.-]UT0PXVV*##CKHB.,-.-^4
M`\XXXW0#SCCBH(/.-^4@\XXY(QC3C?==$....*$8\XWWW#C#3;8A/.--]Z
M

M@(
--NB@@TTXX'SS33G==
/-.-UT
PXZZ*!33C?CD#

TPTXXHR##CKC
MC-

MC/
-.NB@@XXXWW@#3CG?@#

-.-]X`TXYX(#C33C@?%
..NB00TXWWHPS#CC?
MD$-.-^00_\...5\`XXWX:##CKB?.

-.-Z``\XW
MX'CSC3CHH(
..=V0
PXYXY`S3C?=C#-.-^.@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MH(



..NB8@PXZZ)ACSCGGE(




<<XXYYYQSSCGFH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ)AC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/...2
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3EQHTSAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HS)U#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HS(T;5PX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:84TXYY:##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M3CGEG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ(QS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


PXYYI!#CCGCC#
..NB@@PXZZ)AC

M#CKHH#





..NB@@PXZZ)@SSCCGD$

M@PXZYY!CCCGB@#/...&

M@PXZZ)A#SCCCG$


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H'

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

M_T.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@

...B@


M
PXYVWSCC3C8C#
.-]Z($XXYVX03SCCHH(
..MB
(PXWXX`#SC;@A-...
M
\XWX(PSSC;?=-.--^-PL\TXY:##CKHH(/.-^)@@TTXX8#SS3?;@/.-.-B$
M$TXXX(`3CC?C=-.--^.``\[_.-V,(\XYZ*##CKF=-/-.-Y\XXTXV)1##C;?
MB#/..-Q\TXTWX(2##3;AC(

..NB
TTTWW8P#SC?=
MB+
--^-\`TXXW7S3C3?B?./--^-TP\TVX'0#SC??;
/--N*
@PXZZ)03#CC?
MA
/--N4`\XWV*##CKHC`
...-TTTTWY&PSCCC=8#


..N9T
XXXWV`SSCCHH(
..MZ
TTTWX7Q#SCC?
M?$/..-QXTTTWW903CC??A
/--^!L`XXXXX#C#3?;G(
..NB
\PTXX73333GE

..NB@
\XXXW`#3C?==$
.-MB
`\XV
MW'QC#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#S#3C@=#

..NB@@PXZ


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4PXWX8CS#3??
M@-

MA-
-..`8PXZZ*##CKCC.
-..2
\PTXWW33#3GHH(
..N%\XTTXV(PSSC;C
MC#





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%,...68@PTWWX`3SC?CC$/...2,0\XX
MW70#SCC@@(,..NB@8XXWZ*!S#CGCC(,--N!\`PXXY9CSS3CCC(,..O_HH(,.
M.N.0,\XXXXPSCCG8?`,..NB@@XXYW'SC#3C8H(,.-N9@@TTXZ*##CK@E&/.
M...0


PXYW8#SS3C8H(

M-^9@@XTYX&##3C?@/.-.=B44PXXX)13SCC8?.,-...0,XXYX'SS3GHH(
.
M.N6``PXZV(#SC3G8H(
.-MB@4XXYVX`#3CC?`


9MX_8M'#9LX+Z%






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@4\XWYI0#CC?@@/

TTTWY(#S




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZWXPS#CCBG'


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(

..NB@@\XYZ)2#SCGGH&
.




..NB@@\XXX9AC



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N)PLPTWY&#S3GHH(
..MV00PXZYG3333?BB!-.-]Z$(TXWW9AC
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


@@PXZZ*#_<\XYYIQS
M#CKHG'



:<<PXZYIAC#CKHH(/...*88PXZYJ#SCGFH(


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGEH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*!##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB8
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MB(
..NB4@\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKF
M@',..NB0@XXXXJ##CKHH(
..NB@4\XXXY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q3#CKH

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_SCGGE(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYY92##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYIB##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`SCCGFF(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


8XXY


8XXYWX2#SCGG_V`S#C;8C&/.






PXZZ*!S#CGCF$
..NB00PXYY)A#CCD`


J-

YAPT:NW+AQZ






C3MW[ARY;MW(


C3.'#=LX=.C0
MH2
..-^

XXWWY!#CCGFD'

MC%/....@0PXYY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.





V=NW#ER
MY



8XXY
MY(R#SCGEG%-..=B

..NB@@PXZ




0PXYXYQCCCGCD(
..NB8
\XX

.-MB
@PXZZ*`SSC?@C!/....@4\XX

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



0PXXYHPS3C?BG'
..MZ
(\XX
MV*##C;@A/...,,TXWW8PSSC?@C#-.-^6@@TXYWH03CCC8C#,..N=@@TTY
M_]^`$XXXV(PS#C;B=-,-..-LP\TWW6#S3CHG'


/-
M-N!T@PXZY8#SC3?B;`
...5T
\XXWX`SSCCHH(
..N*$XXTWY713#CGHE`/.
M-^!XP\TVX(C333?EA
/--N.0@PXZY7`CSCC=8#/..-^

M-]Q\TTTWX(C333?CD
/--N*`TTTWXV##CKHC`,../_;@/..-V4$PXWVXQ#
M#C;8C
/--MR$0PXVV(R##CKHH,...

M3C?=B/.--]^
\PTXWXP3#CC?C
/--]YTTTTYY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
\XXZ*`#CCGCC#
...:4`PXVZ*#S3C==(--
M-]^`,PXVZ*#SC?FE(

.-NB@@\TXV&`S#CKHH(
-

.-M^88\XXXWP#
MCC?@C$/....0
PXXZ*#SCCCF%,..-B@@PXZZ&#S3CCF%
..-B@@PXVY7P#

-..%@@PTZZ)1CSC;@@!
...5@@XTYWX`#3CGCC#


\XXWW`SSCCCF(

..NB8\PTXV(#S#3C8H`/.-]]T
MLPTWXXR##CKE@(
..MA@@PXZV*#S#3C8H&-..=Q\P\TVW'P33CC8H`
....
M\PTXY6#S#3CH8(

M8\XXXY#3S3?@C`
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT/^A@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH&-.-]]X0TXWW7AC3C?==`,.-NC_H(,-.-Y\\TTWX'PC#C;HH(...-]X
M`\XWWGPSSCCHH&-.-]]X`PXVZ*#S3G88'
..NB@$PXXWGSSC3GHH(/.-^!@

..M^84PXZXY`SCCG==-

..NB`X\TWV(Q#SCC@
M=#
..=UT

...1T0\XXXY`S#CG@
MD(






M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHE#/....,0\XXYZ#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCGEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M


..NB@

._SKHH,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-.-]\

M?/
--NB@@\TYV&!S#CKHH,..-Y\`TXYZ*#CC?A8(
-.MB$$\XWWIQS#CK@
ME%
..N.

XXYW733#3GAB!...=^`\\TWV)!#3C?@C$/...B00PXXW9AS#CKA
M?/.-.-]\XPTVWY1CSCCCD$-.-^0,PXYXY`S3C?CH(...=UTTPTYV*##O\Z

M[=NW;=S&C4.'KAPW;]_$84.'+APX;]_?0LGSANX;^\@?L&#IPW;-C&C?L&


MAP[=MW+HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZYY`SCCGHH(
..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGCC#/...:@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#SCCGH(

M

..NB@_X
..NB4
\XXY(PSSCCFH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCGEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGEG#,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCCB
ME%-...&
@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKG
MD/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4\XYY91S#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


-0




MH3MW[MPY=.?




M@PXZYIR#CCGFF#




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..MN,,TXWYJ#CCC8
MH(

MD#/../_HH(
..N.
@PXZY(QCCCGGC----^6@@PXZY80##CCDH$
..=Z(4TXY

$TXXXZ`SSCCCG$

\XXY9@SSCCGF#/...:

MZ*##CKHD-..-V
`\XWXY2##CKCD(

MY(Q33CG=E(
..NB4
\XXZ)PSSCCDF$

0PXYZ(Q##CGHC#/...B@4TXY
MW9133CGCH(

4\XY
MYY`S3CGEE&

4TXWW93S33GEG%
..NB@0PXXWYP3SCC_XXR##CKHH#/.




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKG
MG$,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!C#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..N.


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#SCGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZX7CSS3?GH(,..MB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M.-B



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(

..N.
8XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXY
MYJ#CCCAH(
..NB@@\XXY)2##CKHH(

MZ*!##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
\XY
MYZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@0PXXX9`##CGEH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG#,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..MN84TXWYJ##CK8H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ&#



9A
MPX;M&[AQY

QQ\_;M&S9TZ


..N.

X[_
M.=]@@PTZV(@C3C?C8(
-.MB`4TXYV)0#SC?8H`/.-]B8\PTXXXQ3CCG8?%..

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB8`\XWYZ!##CGHB(
.


._SKHH$
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`SCCGGH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)PS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT'$K5ZZ;.73HT&%#APX=.G3H




MY
JA


-


PXXXY`S#CCCC#...=B``TXYX(`3#C;FH(
.

M#3K8@%...=B8\PTXV*#S#3C8E`
....
8TXYV(!C3CG?H(
..N-TLPTWYGQC
M3CG8@(
..MB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!#SCCHD$

M#CGCF$

--N-@
PXYYIPSSCCEH(
..MB






.,8\XYXXQ3SCGCC%,..NB@
M@PXZ`$'_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=_SITZ-A^_;M
?`..-^`\PTXWGPC
M#C?FF(
..NB@@PXZY90##CK@?&


-..60
M0TXWW8PS#CCCC#
...-TTTTWXW33S3C@D$-.-^B@@PXZX9`SCCG?F&-.-^B@


..NA\
MX\TWV(#SS3?A=.
-..*``PXYZ)QSSC?@?`..-^.$$TXXWGSS#3C??//--]V`
M`XXXVYQS#CKG?/

/--N6`4TXYX&SSC3?8H(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MSANY;MVZC0



MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYZ#CCGFG&

..NB@
:<@XXYYYR#S3GHH(




M4PXVWV##3K?C(,--N%@`\XWX&#S#3C@D..--]^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGH$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!SSCCCD(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

8PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGGH(,..NB@@PXZ
MY*##CKHH(

.0


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C.G4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0D4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ


--^.



..-B@@PXVYF##3CHC#-.-^

PXXYX03#C?D
MH(/.-^:


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZYYQ3#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X

MYW33C3?@8(


MY6#33G@A!/.-]Z``TXYV)13#CC??.---^1TTPTXXXPS#CG@=-/-...@@XXY
MW733#3G8H(,.-N6``XXWX(PS3C?@?.,-..=XXTTWY:##CG==/_3S3CCH(
.

.
M.-YP8XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ


..NB@@PXZZ*!#SCCHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYIB#CCGHH(

-
M.NB@@\XYY92#CCGHH(

..NB@8PXZZ*!C#CKHH&..





MSCCAF&

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


S=NG+ER
MY

B-

@PXZZ&`SSCCEC(
.

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HSJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

--^&
@PXZZ(CC
MS3?A8#/..-Q\
XXXW92##CKCD(
--M^(
PXYW'S333?8C
/--MR$0\XXW'S3


PXYWHPS
MSCC??#/...B@@PTVWX1SSCGH?#/..-V
8\XYZ(P##CCC=----^2$\PTXXX!3


-.-^8
M@TXYY'13#C?;B`/.-N!\TPTZZ*#C3G==`-...*$$XXWY90#SC?CC$-.-^.,
M@PTXWGRS#3CAB&/..-YT,\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZXWP#SC;@@!-.-^,,PXVYZ#CCCA?.--.=V

!@,\XXX(S333?=
MC!,...


.-MB
(PXZZ)S3S3CC8//-..-T$\XXXV`#CC??

MA./-..1\8\XWX&`S#C;8C


MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..MY\XPTVX)1C#CCC
M8(--..B@@PXXY8PS#CG@C#/....0,TXWX(PS#C;HH(,..M^84\XWWF#33G8






W;APV

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
3&H4.'

F4-7



TXWW8`#CC?A
M8(

ME$
..=UT8XXYXH1#SCCC;./--]B(X\TWWH!C3CGHD`/.-]V8@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





G3-WSMPY=.?.




..N!\
\XY

..NB88\XYYYQC#CKGB#....B@@PXZ



..NB84\XY


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



\XYYIQSSCGGG'
.

.



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q33CGHH(

MSCGHH(





M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB40\XYZ*#_@PXZXXPSSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD$,..NB@@PXZYI1##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#SCGGH(


Z-





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



..NB@
\XXYIB##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKGG#
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#CCG?@',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N604PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=.7+FRHE#APX=.G3H





M#CKHH(
.-MUT\TTYWG@33CC88#




..-^$`XXWY:#CCC@C#/.-]^0
M,PXWWH@3#CKG@----^-T0\XXV(`CSCC=8-...-TXTTWW(`CSCC;B#/...B4

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


MH(


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@TXYX'R##CKHH%,...68\PTZV&##CKHH(

....0

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

G1LW







`\XXXZ!3SCCCG(
..NB0\TTXX8!#CCGF

MC'

8PXYZ*!##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

.-N.
@\TXXXQCSC?88(
.-MA@@TXY
MW'#S#3C@A

--NB`\PTVY8`#SCCCH(
.-N!\`PXY


.-NA@@PTXY8#S#3;FC#


\XX
MX)A3SCCCH(/....0
\XXY(PS3C?@C#



$TXXWX`CCCC=
MC----]V0X\TWWXSSC3?BC----]V0@PXZZ'@SSCC=;#....B@
\XXW8@#SC?F
M?/]33CG?B#
..=]\
\XXZ*`##CC@?#/...%L`\XXXV`S#CC@=!
.-]N`\\TV

\XWWH@##CKHH`


...&
`XXW
MWVS#33CBC(
..NB
XTTXX703#C?;D`-.-]V
@PTZZ*!3#C?;B-
--MB

PXZ
MZ*`C#CC?D/
-..,PXTWWX2##CKHC/...-@`\XXY'P33CCB8#/.-^!\`XXX
MW70S3C?==#

-
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXXW&Q3SC;FF`/.-N64\XTWXHB##CKHH(
.


\XXX)!33C?=C#/.
M-^B@@PXVZ&#C3@`^?;-FSAOX+Z-Z^;-&SAOW[R%`^?M&SITV+5`S=NW+AO

W;MRX

G;ARZ



MH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZX)A3#C;@?`,.-NA\`\XX
MY(PS#CG=?`/...%PP\TXXZ##CKHH(-..=QX\\TVXWP#SCCC?`
..NB44PXX
MZ&##3;E@(,..MB,@PTVXX##3;FC#/..-V`

@PXZ


PXYXXP##CKHF/
-
M.NB@
TXWW6Q#SCCCD#/....8\PTZZ*`#CCGEF/
-.-^8




\XXXY#3
MS3?@C(
..NB
TTTXXHPSSCCCC%
..-^$@\TXWX##3K@@(/--]^`,\XXZ*#
M#CK@@%

.-NB@@\TXV&`S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ``$


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..=UX0\XXXXPSSCCHH/
-.-YT$TXXWG!3



M*\=MVS=QY






B@@\XYY91S3CGG_YQS3CGHH(



64<XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..-]TTTTYW913CC?HH(/..=B8
M4\XVY7P##CGC@/

M


.
M.N=T\XTWX&##CK8G(,--N:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*$SAPX=.G/FS*$KY\V;



MW;ESZ
R9
W?NW+ESY\Z9


..NB88TXYZ(PC
MCCCHH(


M\XTWZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKEE'
..NB@@PXZYY13#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB8
M8TXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB44XXYZ*#3CGFH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGG
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGCC',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(






..NB@@\XY
MY9QS3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




.
.,<PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N*@@PXZZ)ACCCGFF&,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCG@H'
.

..NB@@PXZYXPS#CGHH(
.


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCC'/.
M...44\XYYY1S#CGCD&

..NB4
\XYYY`SCCGF?!-.




MSCGHH(
..N.
0TXYW7133C?ED$-..=^`\XTXY)!CCCGFF$-.-^64
\XXYI3C
MS3CGG(
-.N.

:-
M*P=NW#AS_^;






MH4.'#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGCC$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD/_S33GHH(..

.
M.N6

PXYXXPSSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)13SCGHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB0`TXXY*##CKCG(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ)Q33CGGE(
..NB@


..NB@@PXZYHPS
MSCCHH(


M#CKHG%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(,..NB@0TXYY)2#
M#CKHH(,..NB04PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@_X









&;IPWWX0##CKHH(
.
M.NB

PXVV(SC#3;8?,...$T\TWX(3S33GE?&/.-^!@
PXZZ*!CSC?@@#
.
M..!T(PXWW(PS3C?=C!-.-]V

..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3C?@?(
..NB@TPTXZ*`C#C;HH(

MC3GHG'
.-N-@@\TXYH@3CCGCE%

PXYYY@SSCCGH(


M';IOV

J9^X:MG+EOY



M'3ITZ


J-&S=N'+EQXX!#3CG;=$/_SCC@H(
--MA\\XTWX)2#
M#CKH@%-..=B@`\XWYJ##CK?E`/.-^6`@PTVWH!33CGHH/..-UPXXTWYJ#
M#3;HF`/.-^A@@TTYYGPSSCCC8%,...

PXXX*#S3?@H(/--]Y\@\TXXY`S
MSCCDC%,..-]@@PXVV&##CGD?.

.--]]L
PXVV'Q3
M#CC?E`
.-MB4
\XXY(!3#CC?8(
..NB@4PXXX'PSSCCC@%
.-MB
0\XWX)2S

..MY\XPTVX(!3#CCCD(--..B@
M@PXZWX!3SCCDC`/...2

-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@TXWWX##CKHH-/--^B@$PXVZ*##CKHH(

M




M#CCCC#-.-^,,PXVZ&##3CD;

..NB



M?&/.-^!@@PXZZ*!3#CC?@#

---]Z
`XXYY6#S#3KH

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@4PXXZ*#CCCA@/,-.=S_;/.-]A@4PXX
MW70S#C;@@.
--^.

MTPTYW713#CKHH/--.-UT`PXXWWA33C?ED(
..MY\$PXXX833S3C==-

M@PXVZ*#3CG@8(/-.-UTT\TXWH`#SCC=E%,..NA\`TXXV(0C3CC?F%,..-N`
M\XTXV(PS#CKHC#-..-^,,PXXVX@CSCC?B#/...-\XTTXX&S#C3CC=----^2@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N!X
M\\TVY'333?\WYG33#3GD=-
-...
0TXYX)13#CC8E%
....
0TXWX(@S#C;H
M8(.-.-Q@@XTWX(#S33GHH(...-]L4TXYW6PSSCC=C`/.-^6`X\TWWX0#SC?E
M@$
..=V


0\XW


\XX

MH`
.-M]X`\XXXXPSCCC@@%
..-MPXPTXWX!3#CKHH(
..NB@@\XXXHRS#3C8
M8`
....

PXXYI0#3CG88


MY(Q#SC?C=-
--N.@@\XXXXQ#3CG@@!
.-]A\XPTXY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


.

4@\XYYYAS#D#.G3-G

--]Y@(TXXWW@SSCCC
MC#/..-Z
`TXWW7P#SC?@C#-.-]V0$XXXX:##C3GFH(

-.-^`\XTYY8!3#C;8E`/.-^!X
PXZZ*!#3C?_
MW70S#CC@H(

(\XWXH3SC3?CC$-.-^.0`TXY
MX'SSS3?@?(
-.NB@@XXYW70S#CCEF//--]^``PXZZ*`S#CGHH&
...:8TTTW
MY)!#3C?HH(
-.-Y\@PTYW70##CG?@(
..NB@`TXY_^!\0TXWW70S#CCHH(
.
M.N*(\\TWYI0##CG==`


.

--M]\`XXWWX0##CKHC#-.-]N

PXXWWSC#3C=?./-
M..1TTTTWY'SC33?C=-
-..2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2,0XXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH@


M..)TPPTXWX`#3CGE@%
.-MB8\PTXX'PC#CKHH$-.-]UT

MSCG==#
...64`XXWX(#S#3KHH#/...B@4\XWYIC333?DD$-.-^B@@\TWWWB#
M#3G==`

PXXZ*##CKBC.,-..68\PTYW70#
M#CGHH(,..=UT\\TXWV##3G=@`/...2
0\XXW8PS#CKH@`-..=B44\XWXGSC



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0D2.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZXYQS#CKGC#

.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)R#CCGGH'


Z=
X?N7+ERY\Z=.W?N
MW#ESZ-=,X?N'#ITY]5
W?N7#ESY\Z9


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-'#ATZ=.C.E2N'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.?*H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,\XYZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.N640TXYZ*!SSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@XXXZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)AC
MCCGHH(,..NB@@\XYY:##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHB!

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZXJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3H_]A




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.-NB@




MH(


MZ




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N9\8XXYWY#
M#CKHH$

..NB88XXYY9##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZY)ACCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCC$/....08\XYZ)ACCCGHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYIAC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#CCCBC&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SC3CA@.
--]QL
\XXXW`#3C?=8#/.-]Z$
MTTTW_]V

MC

-..*


.-M^`

M=-
-.=UX

.-^&(`XXXWGP##C;HH(/..-]X$TXWW7@S3C?C
MB//--^%\XPTVWWSS3C@?`/.-^




MN'#@NHT;APT=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZYY13#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGEH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@
M@XXXZ*#CCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKBH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYH!CCCG@D(

MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!S#CKH

..NB@@_^....
8PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH`-...*`X\TVW&PSSCCC;`-.-]U@

MZ*`#3CCB@//--MR
XPTXX(S333GEH&-...%T

MX(033C?CC---..*
\XTYWX`SSC?@A`-..-UX
\XVXH03SC?BC#/.-^!\4PXZ
MYYR#S3CAB.







@PTZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#3C?E

MG'/...:44PXYX913SCCCH(
..NB40\XXYXPSCCGFD$/...B
0\XXYXQ#3CGF



...:
8XXYXXR##CKHF#

MY(CS#3CCA#/...B4



\XXXZ#CCGE@(,.-MA@@PXVV*##3;8@//-...
@PXZZ(Q#3O\Y
MYF`##CKH8(
-.NB@@PTZZ&#SC3GE8&
.-MAP`PXXX8!3#CC?C#/...-TP\TX
MXY!C#C;AA(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4TXWY92SC3C?@+,-.-UT\XTX
MV&`C#CCHH(/.-^.,@XTXWW@#CC?BB(/-.-QL\\TXW7@SSCCCD#-.-^24@PXZ
MWW@C#C;CC+,-.-Y\L\TYZ)13CC?AA
.-N-@@\W_.-Q\`\XWVWP#CCCFC#-.

--^-\XPTXXW3333GHH(
.
M-NA@@\TWX733S3CC;
/--]APL\TXXW33C3CGH(-..=V44\XVWW33S3?B@/
-



H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
LV#ERW;N/$H4.'#ERY


MXHS333??A/.--]V4XXTWZ*!#3CG==/.--]R
\PTXY7S#S3;@8/
-..-TTTTW
MY(#CC3?@@(
..NB
TTTWW8S333??D/


..NB@0TXWW70S#CGCH(/.



/-...

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%,...68__.-.=A@P\TWX8`#3CG88%,...B@@\XXVW#C
M#3?ED`,...64@PTZV&##3K@?#



M#CCCC#

M#3C@@!/.-N.``\XVYZ#3CG@C#-.-^

\XXY8`##C;H8(
-..6`\\TXW0`$






.

M#CKHH%

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

P=NV[ESZ







.

--M^`4PXXV)1C_\XXXX#SC3G?H(

..N)TT\TVYGP#
MSCCC?`/.-]^0
\XXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYJ##CKFF&

M3C?GH(



..NB


:@
M8XXYYIQS#CKHF'



.0

Z90U?.W#ESZ
Z90V?NW+ER


)]\_;-'#IS


-..&``XXWX)13#CCE=-/-..-@
M@PTZV(@SCC?8D$-.-^!LPPTXWJ##CKB?//--N9\`TXYW8PS3C?@C#/...B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(,..NB@@XXYZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZYIB##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF(

MH(







..N648PXZYIASSCGG




._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!S3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..N.,,\XYZ*##CKHH/\#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@8XXYZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=N''CSJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APZ=N6_@SJ%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY1SSCGCH(
.
M.N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*`C#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

XXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M83-G;IPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_H
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CCF

..-^`XPTXXXQ#SC?F
ME(
-.-Y\\PTYXXPSSCC@@(
..N!\\PTXY9`#3CG8@`
..MB(
TXWXJ##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C



MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG%
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH%/...60@PXZZ*##CGHH(
..NB@0PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@\XYY)`SSCCFE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXYYIAC#CKHH(
..N24
M
PXYXXPSSCGHH(

..NB@@TXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#SCGHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MD$

MH(
..NB04XXYZ*#3CCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N688XXYZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&
..NB@@PXZZ*`C3CCHH/^##CKHH(

MZ*!##CGHH(
..NB@@PXZYIB##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/...24@PXZZ(PSSCGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ)Q3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCCE
ME(
..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/..?_DD$/...:4@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGFF&



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4\XY
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB$(PXZZ)ACCCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)!##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ)13CCGHH(..


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





4PXXXH@#CCGCC(
..N60(TXWXXP#CCCEE(/...20@PXZZ*#CS3C@A#
.




MH1





MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*$[5_^.'#IT


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(



.

..NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKBH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@XTTXX)1#3C?==$-.-]V4`\XWX)`#
M3C?=C%
.-]M\$PXZ`$&'#ERX;][









...%\PPTX
MX7PS3C?=B`..-]Z`8PXZZ)S#S3?@=-/-..-@\XTYY8`S#CGC8#-...&$T\TX

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3C?@@(
..NB@TPTXYY@C3CCAA(
.

M.-V0

.
M.N2
:,,PXYY73333GCD$,..N2($PXXZ*#
MSCGCE$
..N2

PXZYHQ##C;HH(
..N6

MSCCFF#


..M]@`\XWX)R##CKCC#
.
M.=V`
PXYXY@#SC?8H(

..-^4LTTWW8P#SC?@E`
.
M-MA\`\XXXXQ33CC@F/
-.NA@_X
-.-^`\XTYY8R#C3GEC$
..-]L`\XXY(R#
M#CKHF+
-.-]P`PXZZ&`#3CGF?#/....$@\TXXW#3S3C88(
-.-^`
\XXXXPS
M#CCHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..N2
8XXYWHACCCGCG%


\XXXZ##CKHH(,..N6`@PXZX)CS
M#3C8?/,-..6@8XXYWZ#SCGF?(
--MB`\PTXXXPSSCCC@(






-.NA@

M@PTZZ*`SSCCBB
.--]QL4PXXZ*##3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#3CG@
M?(

M;-.-]A@`TXYWGPC#CGAA+/-.-]X$TXWX'S#S3?=H(,..N6``\XXWV#S3;C


N_QPW;^+81O';=LW<-VZB?OV#9RX


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK??/---^,,PXVWH03#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..MR`
M`TXWXW33#3CD@/
-.N*($XXYWWSS#3CC=.

..-]\

..M^4`\XWY'0#SC?DH(
..N%X

M;/
--MB@@TXYY70S3C?==&
..NB@\\TWWG03CC??;&-.-]V0@PXZZ)#333?=
MC(

-.-^@@\XXXXQC3C?=
M@!-.-]V
TTTWW8P##CC?E`-.-]UX\\TXXXPCSCCCG
.--]Y@$\XWWGP#CC??
M=$-.-]UT
PXXWW0##CGE=%






5@`PXZZ&##CKCC-,-...,
M@PTZV&#SC3G?@(,.-N`4PXVZ*!3#C??@+

...B@@\TWWGR##3CEE`
.-N68



-..@@PXZYWSS3?;
M?.
-..6``PXVWX#SS3CDC#-.-^,,PXZZ(PSSCCCC$/...1TTPTXXZ##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)13SCGG

MG'



M*U?NW#ESY;A*U?NW+ESY]=0X?.W+ESYLZA
V?.W+ESY\Z=.V?N'#ITY\Z9
N'#ITZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-A





M@(
..NB(\\TVW)0#3CGF@+/--]Y@@PXZYIC3#3CBC(
-.MA@`TXYWGSCC3C?

-.NB@@PXVWX!3#CCEF(


MXXP3CCCCC#..-^.0`TXYX(##CKFG-/-..2,0\XXW70#CCCHH(/....,T\TW
MWX#CS3CA@


MVWCSC3C8?.
-.-B00TXWWWSC#3C@H(
..NAX\\TXX8@SSC?E@/
-.=U\`\XX
MXYAC3C?@B#
..NB04TXWXXPSSCCC=-
-..*@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=N7+DT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG+GSJ%#APX=NG/ERJ%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH@+
--^5P8XXYWW!#SCC8?`-...B@_X
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKDA(,..N&,TTTWW93#S3;?B(,--N



0TXWW7Q#3C?=C-

...64@PXZWW@##C;AB..-.-]\\\TXW733#3G?@(/.

(PXXY8#S#3G=@`

M-^.0
\XXY'3_TPU`P(E#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)U#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G+HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


MZ*##CKGE%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MYZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY9QS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


<<PXZZ)R#CCGFH(
<<XXYYIB##CKHH'..



.




M3CGGG'


..NB@@\XYYIR#
MSCGHH(






MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APZ=.7/ERI5#



..NB@@XXXXXR##CKHH(


..N.

\XXY(QC#CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#SCCFE$
..NB@@PXZZ)QSSCCHH(....B@@PXZXY!##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9QS#CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)Q33CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGC(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCCCF(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H2M7[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*$[5PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

TXYWX!##CKDD&/...:8@PXZX8!3
M3CGAA$
.-N.
0TXWX8A33CG@@#
.-N.
8\XXXXQ3SCGFF&

MSCCAA#
..N64
\XYY)!#CCGCC'
..NB@@\XXXYQS#CGCG'


..N:
M



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


M=.C0G2M'#ATZ=.C
C3-7#ATZ=.C0H4.'SIPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C.E4.'#ATZ


M#CKHH(


@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY2##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXYY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(
._SKHH(


..-A@




TXXW8PS#C?B
M=-
--N!X\\TVYX@3SCCHH(
...6``\XXWX0#3C??@!...-B0


-0



-


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N&4
M4\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N640\XXXZ##CKCG(
..NB@

..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*!##CGHH(
..NB0
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CGD
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)PS#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


Z%





M8(





@PXZY80##CCDH$


MC(


\XX

--N.4

MXYA33CGDG(
..N:0
2<
XXY

MY)##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



J5V]:-W#APZ+!APX8-W#=P


PXVW&P#3CCB

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4TXWY92S#3C=
M=(/-.-UTTPTWXXR#33GAA+/-.-]X`\XXW713#CKCC#/_#CKHH`..-]QL`TXX

MV(PS#C??=-


-.-UTT\TXV'P#CCG;B!
..-V

PXVW(@SSCCHB#/..-B(\XTW
MX(PSSCC@H(
..M^$\\TWXW33_TTWY*`CCCCAB./--^-T

-
M.-B@@PTVWHPSSCC8C

--]Z(TTTWXV##CKH@#/..-]\0\XXZ)#C33?E;-.

...-T
\XXX(SS#3C?E(
.




J5PT:N


M@#/..-Z

\XXXXS333?@B(
6`(TXWW6P##CC?@%/.-^

\XX
MXXRS#3C@8(

MXXPSSCC==#

MWGSS#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CCEE
/--^&`@PTXWGSS#3G88!..
M.-UTP\TXY(PSSCC@?(
..N.


\XXX'SSS3?EE/
-
M.NB@4PXXXHC3S3CHE%

...!PLTTYWZ##C;8H(,.
M-N44PXWWX03#CKH@/--.=B`\PTXY'CSC3?@H(

-.-MPLPU`P&T#





:)




..NB@@PXZY:!SSCGHH(

@8TXYYZ##CKHF(

MYY2##CKHH#/...&
(TXXYJ!SSCGGF'/._SGGE(
..NB@@PXZYZ!S#CKGH'
.

..NB88\XYYJ!S#CKGH(


<@XXYYYQC#CKHF'/.



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@4PXXYI3#S3?AA(,-.-Y\\\TXV&`3SCC==,/-...,0\XXX(#

.
M-N!\`XXYZ(`#3CG@E&/.-]A\XPTXY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

@@\XYZ)1CCCGHH'/.


MSCGHG(


..NB@
\XXX8P3


..N2(@PXZZ)R#
B@4TXYYZ#


M3C?=G(




M8XXYYIQSCCGGH&









M#CKAB`/.-^!\4PXZZ*`S3C?=E%/.-^9TTTTWY)!#3C?H8(/--^:`\PTYW7P#

M#CCD=-
-..2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N.88XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@\XYYY2##CKH
MD`

H4.'#ATZ=.C0F3.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H1LW
M;MPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#




M3CGEH'


..NB@
M

MF'


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_YQ3#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZY)#CCGHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGHH(
..NB@@PXZ



M=.C0H4.'CAPY=.'0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4
W;MPX=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C*D4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4
W;MPX=.?*E3
W#ATZ=.30H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHE$
..NB@@PXZYXPS#CGCC$/...B@
M@PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYY133CCED%,..NB($PXZZ*##CKHH(

M
PXZZ*##CKHB!,..NB44TXYZ*#3CCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGEE%
._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZY8PS3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEH(,..N&@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!#CCGFE%

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYIA3#CGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#CCGFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`SSCCCG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MG%,..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYYYP33CGG
MG(,..NB@@\XYXXR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD(....B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(.....,@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ)13SCGHH(

\XXXXPSSCCHH/^##CGHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@\XYY:##CKBH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB00XXY
MYI!33CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..N:84TXYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB8




Z=







..O_HH(
..NB@@XXY
MYIA3#CGEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


4\XYXXQCSCGCC&
...*
XXTXYYPS#CGHH$...-^`@PXZ





4PXZXXPSCCGDD%



.
M.NA@@\TXYIQSSCCFH(
..N5\X\TXYYACSCCG8(



..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H









@PXZYHQSSCG8G#
..=V4@PXZ


\XX
MYHQSSCGHH$




M...8

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`..
M..-T@XTXXHS333?=C!
.-]R
T\TXXW33#3GD=%
..NB@(XXWWX`#CCCA8!-.
M..%T(XXWWWQCSC?@C.
-..,TTTYZ*##C;A@`....B@@TXXWX`C#C;CB

-

\\TWY(R#
MSCG88#
.-N.
LPTXWGC#S3GHH%-.-^.
`\XXWWP#SCC88#
.-]]X(\XYZ*`C

.-N&``XXXZ*##CGAA,/-..$`\XXW713

-.-UT@\TXW'SCC3CGH(
..NB@@PXXY91C
MSC;B@!
.-N%\`XXXZ)QS#C?B=---..5\`PXVXXPS#CKH8(/-.-N``XXWVYQS
M#CKF;




M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*$;1PX=




(TXXWI133C?FH(/..-^


-
M.-YPL\TXX(PS#CC=B!
.-^`\\TXZ*#3CC?A`
.-N-PLPTXXGC3C3GHB#
.


..N.
@PTVXH3CS3?D@---
M-^-@@PXZZ'@SSCC=_X`3CCCGH#/....0

P\TVWXCS

M#CCA=#/...%\
\XXW'C333?=E(
..N=@

PXXWVP#
M3CC@?#..-]^$TPTXWX#C33C@C#


.-MB
(PXZZ*#CCCB@#..-]]\,PXWW'@C#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


--NB@\PTVWX#S#3;HH(
.-N.0
M
PXXV&#S#3CCD#...=^`@PXZV&#SC?DC$/....,@PXZV&##C;HH(
--N``


'





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


B!,..-Z$\\TWY7`3CCC?<....6@4XXYWW`CCCCEH#/..-Z`
M
PXYVX#333?8@/..-V4@PXZXHR##3;AA./--^6`TTTWXV##CKH?#/..-U\
M(XXXYZ`S#CGCC$/..-N(`PXXVX#333?8C+
--]Z
X\TWXW0##CCAB!
...)L

..-^

\XXVX#333?HH(
--NA@\PTXX'@SSCCA@#
..=M\
MTTTWW92##CKG8#/..-R$`PXXVX#333?HH#
!,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0








MT*%#]VW;-]YP4\XWX&`SSCCCH(
.-MB@`PXVV(#SS3GGH%
..-^8@\TVW'P3
M#C;8@&/....

..NB4L\TWWVPC
M#C;8C#/...2

PXYXXQ3SC?@8(
.-MB`4PXZZ*#SC3GCC$-.-]^`
PXXY9B#
MS3;@?/\3SC?FE/.--]A@
\XXX'QC#CCEF(
-..B@@PTZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*`SCCCHH'
4
M4PXZYVS#S3??8(,-.MB,,PXVXZ##CK?E&/....0

-..6``TXYZ(#SC3GCC#
...B@@\XXXY#_
PXYXX`#3C?@
MC#
..-M@@PTXWYQS#CKCC#
.-N!\`\XXXY`SSCC@E&

M@/


\XXXXPSSCC@
ME(

MY



M@PXZZ(CSS3?;C----]V
`\XWYG0#SC?B?/

-.-B@
M@XTXXW@3SCCCH(

..NA@

PXYXXQ#3C?=@#
..NB@`TXYY:`S#CG_XY#333?=

.-MB4T\TXXXQ#SCCC


TXWX'SSS3?EE`..-^`\PTXY93S#3C8
M8%-.-]A@4\XWY90#SC;@?(,-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

--N&$
PXZ_^9PPXTXX)A3#CKG=-.--^!@@PTZ
MV)AS#C;GH(
..N!\XTTWXXPSCCG==-

MYGP#3CGHD$-.-]V


.7/^Y;MS&C0-7[ALX;^^@<.&#ALV<.7$A0/W[1NX<N2Z=?OV

&SMNW;N/&C?

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZXX`#3C?GH(



MH(

..NB@4TXYYY033CC=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



M.V?NW#ETZ

R=


X?.W+ESYMA,X?NG#ETZ-A


R9.V?.G+ESZ


J9
X?.W+ESZ
S_



MG&
..NB@4PXZYIR##CKFF'





..NB@@XXYZ)R#SCGH_YR#3CGGH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHF#/...6@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)AC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

MZ
Z9

Z9
X?NW+ESZ
Z9




MYI1SSCGHH(


MYYQSCCGGG'
..NB@@\XYYIAS#O\ZYIR#3CGGG(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY9`SCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*$S9PX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGG',..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..@!!

MAPX=.G3HT*%#9^X;N'/HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G/@SIU#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HR)$+




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF&/....0
\XXY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB0@PXZXJ##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)#
M#CKHH$



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M,\XXY92##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CGHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*`SSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH!


F3-7KEPY=.C0





MT*%#APXZY90SSCG88$


`\XYXXQ33CGDD%....!\`TXYY(PS
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ)AC
MSCC8C#/...&
@PXZY8QSSCGHH(

M_\XXYI@SSCCGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB4

M4XXYY9!SSCGHG$


M
PXYYY0S#CGGH(
..N.
`XXXXY1SSCCCE%
...!@@PXZZ)A#CCGFE#

M

M#CKHH&
.-]N



M4PXZZ*##CKCD`/.-N`4PXXZ*##CKHH..-..!\$TXWXY#333?DD(,..NB@
M4PXXZ*#SCCCC(
-.-Y\LPTXX(33S3?@F&/..-V(

..MB@


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MF$


MC`
.0




W







--N.8
\XXYYPSSCC=F(

M4TXYYY`SSCCGF#/..-B@@PXZYXQC3CGFD#/...5P8XXYXY1S#CGDE&

M
PXYY*!3CCCA@(
..NB`(PXYY)1S3CGEG(/...*`
TXXX8R##CGEC'
..NB8
M
PXVV(QCSCCCE&/.-^48XXYYIACSCCCE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`/...-X`\XXXW13#C?;?----]V4

.-...0@PXZZ*!CSO\VW(@S3C?=
M=#..-^.(`TXYX'PS#CCCC`
.-N.
@\TXXXB##CKHH(..-^.(\\TXW70#CCCG
MG(
..NB@4\XVXXC3#3?@?-
-..&(TTTXW70CSC??@!
...&(@TTXX80S#CC;

..NB@@TXYWW@3CCC88%
..NB@@PXZXXSS#3?@
M?&/.-^B@@PXZZ*#CC3C?@!-.-^.

MC#

.-^&`\PW_-^*44PXZZ*##CK8H(,.-N`$TXW

..NB@@\XY

..-B



TXW
MY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK8H$/..-^`

2)
M&\?MFS=QV


MC----]B

-.-U\
XXXW92##CKEA+
--^-P$XXXX'0SSCC8
MH(

-..%X4TXWW8S3S3CCC----]V0\TTXXGR##CKH
M@`/.-]]L
PXVV)R#SCCB@#/.-]Z`
PXWW'@C#CKHH(
.-MB@(TXXX7A3#C?;
MA%
..-^`TTTXX7A3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@\\TXY(Q#SCCD@#-.-]V`
PXXX)3#S3?@@`
.-]N

PXZ

\XX
MYI0##C;HH`
.-N:8@PXZZ*#SC?EF(,-.M^`@TTYZ*##CKHH%
...B@@\TV

..M]X\PTVWX!3#CCHH(
..NB@\XTY
MWX!3#CC88.
-..24_X
..NB@8XXWZ*!S#CGCC(
--N`\PTXY9@#SCCCH(..
M.=]PL\TYZ*##CKCC#...=]@@PTZX``$&[9QY+Z!0X?-VS=OV



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4

M@/
--NB@@\XXXY`S3C?@C#
...2
0\XWY6S#33?C@/
-..5\`TXYZ(PSSCC8
MH(
.-NB@@PXYXV##3K@C$/...48PXZV'P#SC?GH(
..NB@@PXZYGP#3CG@



MV'@#SC?EH%-..=^`4TXYX(Q#SCC@?/
-...
8TXYX*##3;8F+,--]^$@PTV
MY7#S#3CA8(,..N4@PXZXG3#S3;F?&-..=B`@PXZV*##CK8@/,-...0,PXY
MXWP#SC?FC#/.-^8\PTZ_^B`\\TWX(PSCCGE@(
..NA\8\XXXXR#33CAH(/.
M...

\XXY(Q#3C?=@#
..NB@@PXVV*`#3CGFC#
.-MB
@\XVW&P#3CGFC#
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
N6[=NY+!A0X<.



-.N.
0\XXXXS3S3?CB(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!C3C?==$..-^&$@PTZ

MW70S#CCEF//--]UT4PXZY)#S33?@E&/.-]]X\PTWY8`##C;HH(/....88TXW
MX'CSS3?CC#






M#CKB?+
--^6`4XXYWW#CS3?8H(
..N)X\XTWXXPSSCCC@$
..=UT0PXXWYSS





J=.X?.'#ITY\JA

..NB@@PXZZ*!S#CKGH'
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.-NB@@PXYXYAC3C?@?.
-...0
\XWY733
M33?C?`
...5\`TXYZ(PSSCC8H(
.-NB@@\XXXX@3#CC?C$/...1TT\TWXGCC
MS3?CA`
..NB@@PXZXVS##3G?E%
...B@@XXXWWP#3CG?D$-.-]^00PXZYG33
MC3?A?.
--]]\`XXWXGCSC3?GH(



MTTTWWY#333??D/
-..2







Z=

..NB@@PXZZ)R##CKHF'/.






:4<\XYZ*#SCGHH'

..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY9R##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY2#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XXXXQS#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG#/....@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.?*D4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HRIT[APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.N24,XXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGG%
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD$
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCH(,..N24
M4PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGDH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD/,-..6@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MC#




W[APZ=.C0

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0

MH4.'#AW_.G3DT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT(T[9PZ=.7/FT*%#APX=.G+D
MT(5#APX=.G3HH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB

..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N20
\XYXY##CKB
MA(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXYZ*!##CKBA(
..NB@@PXZY9!3#CKG
MF#
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD(-...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY913#CKH
MH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGF?',..NB4,PXYXYR##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH'/....0@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYO^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKFF&


..N644PXZYYPS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MY)#CCCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N604PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#3CGGH(
..NC_H(

.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
.
MW+ASY,B1.X<-';IQX,:-*S?N'#IRX\Z=,S?NW#ESX\R9X=M'#ITZ--&U?.
M'#ERYMA0U=NW+ESY
:9




PXZY8@3#CCH



\XXZ)`SSCCFH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..N5T



TTTY
:<
TXY


.
M.NB



.

..MA@

4XXYXXP#$'/8QI'#


:1




*-


MX83SS3CHH'-.-^*
XPTXY9CSS3?@@/
-..&(@\TXXH3S33C?@!-.-^.
$PXX



M..6`PPTWX(`S#CGC?!-...)@
\XXW*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
2@@PXZZ(P#
MSC;<C//--^
`PXXWY2#3CGE?!






.
M.-^8
\XXXW0#SCCC@(

-.NB@@\XWYI1#SCCDC(
.

M-]^`@XTYXXPSSC?FE(
-..B@4PXXY9CS#3CFE`
.-N:40\XXZ*!3#CCHH(
-


M#CK@C#.....``TXYWX03SC;E?`
.-NA@@PTVWX#S33C=B!-..-R40PXZYGSC


PXXY8`##C;H8(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N6`@PXZXXP#SC?C=/.--^4






M3C?DD(
..N68PXTWW73333?DC(.--^!\@\TXY(PSSCC==/
-.=UT`PXYZ*!#


..NB@\\TWV&!#3C?@?#-.-]QL0_].-]UT
M`XXWX'Q#3C?DC`/.-^68`\XXW733S3CHH'/.-]Y\$\XXWGR#33G==.
-.-Y\
MXTTXW73SS3?@@%
....
TPTWXXP##C;H8(
-.-YPLXTYZ)13#CCF=-
-..!T

-.NB04TXWY(PSSCCC=-
-..*@@PXZX'CS33?F=-.--^!X
M\TTWY8#S#3;H8(--.-]X\\TWWX`3CC?=E%
..NB$(XXWW8Q#3C?=C#
...6`
M\XTWX6##3CE@`-..=UPL\TXX(@SCC?D=-,-.NB@@XXWX&#S3CCC#/..-P`

M!LZ;MV_?O'G[)NZ;N7+BOFWC5J[;N''CNG7K1@X;.G38T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#





--NB`@PTVX'QS

M8XXYZ*##3;H8(,..MA@`PXXX)R##CK?F/,-.-Z`,\XXY'0#SCCCA(/-..-P
MTPTYXV##C;8@%

PXYXXPS#CGD?.
-.NB@
M@PTZZ(`S#CGCH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PXZYYS3C3?@@(
-.MC_8(-.-^20@PXZYI2SS3?=
M=----^.


M@XTXX'33C3?@?`
..N=\X\TWX8#S33GHH(
...6@@PXXY7SC#3C8C#/....0
M
TXWWY!#3C??B/.-^B@@XXWX&#S3CCC#/...*$(PXZZ)13#C?=@/
--N!X

--N5TT\TXW8#S#3GHE%
...9TTPTXWGSC3?@=-/--]^`
M`TXYX'CS#3;CC`/.-^9\P\TVX&##CKHD----]B4`\XWXXSCC3?=E(
..N1T
MTTTWXVSCS3?@8'/..=Z`\PTXX7CSC3?@E(
--N9\(T[_.-YX`PXXY8!3#CG=
ME(


..-^`@PTVX7CCC3?C=+
--^.@4TXYW'@CCCCD=(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
6<<XXY
<8TXYY7A3#D#0H3M7#AVZ<^70H3MWSAPZ=.C0F3-W[MRY


G3-W[APZ=.?










..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH


<<\XYZ*!SCCG==(

MG&


..NB@@XXYYYASCCGGE%
..MB44\XYZ)13CCGH


MW+ESZ

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'[EPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ)@SSCC_Y:##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGG
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MYYR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZYXPSSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,\XXXP#D'#ITZ-A



MH(



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY*##CKHH(


..NB@


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
MZ*!#SCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY`S#CGHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#CCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XXYZ##CKHH(,.
M.N2@@XXXZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY9R##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZXYR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)1SSCGHH(,..NB@8XXYYI!3#CGHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ)0SSCCEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF(
..NB(@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE#/....4@PXZZ(QSSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@TXXXJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

MCCG?@'







..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



M0TXYY:`S#CGDH%-...)\@PXZZ'P3SCGHC&
..NB@4TXWW93CS3CCG&/..``9







B!
M

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MX
9]
U?.-]Q\`TXWVX@SSCC=E

--]YT\XTWXGR##CKH?...-^,TTTWXX!C
MCCGHE----^5L(TXXX&P#SC?=H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C.D2/7[9NW;]_&C1MG#ELX


QHT;-PY<



..N:`

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

/--N*

M;-...&@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


\XXW73SS3CHH(
...:4`PXZV&##CKCC#/....,
M,\XXW73SS3CHH(,..-Y\,PXYXY#SC3GCC#/.-MQL,PXYWX##C;88`
..-^`
M4PXZZ*##CKBC+/--]MP0PXXX(`SSCCHH(,...68,PXVW_]X\TTYZ*!3#CCE
MF+,-..$@PTZV&##C;?@&/.-^9\`XXWWH`#SCCCF%,...B@@PXXY6##3K?
MF%
..N6``XXYWYA3#C;;@/--..B@@PXWYZ#SCG8?`,.-M]\`PXYX)A3#CC8
MH(,..NAX\XTWV'P#CCG?F%,.-]^$$PXXYJ##CKE?`/....

\XXW8`#SCCH
MH(


MH(
..N84PXXWH`##C;ED#,..=^84PXVVX#S33CB=./--^
TTTWX(PSSCCE
M?(
..NA\8TXYV*#S#3CDC(
..NC_E`
...6`4XXYV&P#SC?@H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

...6`@PTV
MZ&`CSCC=?/
-..A@\PTXXXR##CK@E`/.-]B4
\XXXX!3CCG?H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MB./--^.0

PXXW703CC?@?/.-..B@@PXXWGR#33G=
M=+

MWH`#SC?HH(
..=UX\\TXV(#S#3G=@`
..=^44PXXWH0##CKH?.
-.-B`\TTY
MXW33#3?@?`/.-^6@@PXZYW33S3CDC$/..-V``XXXZ*##CG=?./-..!@@PTY
MW8`#SCCCD#,._SG=C#,..NA@@PTZV'CSS3?8C
..-^@@PXZWY1C#CG=@/
-
M.=UTT\TXW733S3??@`/.-^!X$PXXW8S3C3?@?+
--]V`@PXZZ(!33CGB?/.-
M-^.

.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


.



.

M#CKGF'

<`Y!SY\Z5*W<.'3ITZ
R9
X?.W+ESZ
R9*W?NW+ESY\R=

MW3ESZ


MW+ESY\J=





M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#




.



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MZ-A@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N240PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


M#CGHE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH$

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB(@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/....,8PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8XXYYJ!SSCCCH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB40PXZZ*`CSCCCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCCAH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHA(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYXXR##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_

M0PXYXZ!33CGCG$

PXYYY0SSCCHE#/...2
MTTTWY*!SSCGBD#/...:@8XXYYIACCCGEF$

@PTVXX133CGDE(
..N.


8XXYWHAS#CKG

\XXXW13CC??C'

MD'/...204PXZYY0S#CGDE/.-^8
\XYYY1#SCGGH&/....84PXYY)2#SCCC
M@#
..NB0PXTYYIACCCGFD#

PXVV)@SCCGFH%/.-]Z



MD'/....4@PXYY)13SCCGG%...-^`@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK?
MB!
..-YPLPTWX8#SC3G?C#

-.-U@
1@,PXWVX#C#3?;G(,.-MB4TPTXWX@33CC@?-/-..-@,PXY
MXW@CSC?@;`-.-]V`$PXZYZ`S#CC@;`-...!T,TXXX8`S#CKHE-/-..2,,\XX
MXW`CSC?@=#,.-MAL(\XXXZ!3#C?<A!-...)X`PXVV(PCSC;<@-,-.NB@@XTX
MXVS#3C_WW0#CC??;#..-]]\

M;MV^A0/W#1TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



O6

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK?F%,.-N`\PTXY8`#3CG@C#


MPX8-&[IRYKZA&S=NG#ELV




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M...@@PXZZ)P3#CCEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(-.
M..*@@TXYY9R##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKGG#,..NB@(PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3
MSCGHH(
..NB@@\XYY92##CKHH(

M#CKHH(





T\TXX'S3S3GHH.

.-NA@@XTXWGCSC3GH8(
-
M.NB`\TTYY'3333?F=-


\XVW8#SC3?@@/
-..6@@PXZWH#S#3;@E%
.

..MA\`TXWWH#S#3CA?./--^.

\XXXZ##CG=?`,.
M-N1T_]/--]Q\XPTWY8!CCCG=@./--]MT`\XWVYB##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NAT`\XWZ*#



\XYYY`S3CGFE/^##CGEC'

M@PXVV(QC3CGDH(
..NB@@TXYY833#3GCC!/....@4\XXXYR##CKHG-/-..2`

..NB@









MSCGHH'



MSCGGG'

..N:88PXZZ)QS#CKHG'
..NB88XXYZ)QS
<<PXZY9QSSCGHH(
:<<\XYY:##CKHG'
:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH=/
-..B@@PXZW8!CSCGBA!-...B@

.-MB
8XXXX9PS#CGCH(
..NB8
XXYYIPSSCCC
M`





B1
M.S=NG+ERY
B10T=N'+ESY

$XXXY)!33CGHC#/...:@@PXZY(QC
MSCCCG&

TXYY8@#CCGFH(..-]^$`XXXXI2##CGCD(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H





MX+YQ\S9NW#?HH(
..N%X\TTXX(#333?@C(

..N.
PPTXWW33S3CC8#
...!L

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..N:8,TXYYYQS#CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

M
PXXXY`SSC?D=-
-...``TXYX&##3KHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@TXYWZ#SCCC
MD#
..=U\`\XXZ*#SCCBH(/..=^,0\XXVX#S33C8H(,.-M^84PXZZ*##CCF


M?.
-.-^8\PTXXV`#3CCHH(


MF/

XXXW8B##CKHE`
._SC8H(

`\XW
MX)0#SC?8F#


MWWR#C3???#

..-]\TPTWVXPS#CKHH(
...4`TXY
MY8#C3??@$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.-N!\$\XWYI0#SCCD
MC!
..-Y\
\XXY)#3#3C?@%
...68_P/.-N`@PTZZ*#CC?A8(
-.MB``PXY



..NB4P\TVWHR##3;HB/
-
M.-Z`X\TWW9#333?@D/

.

.
M.N.0XPTXWXS#3C?8//--^!@`TXYYJ#3CGE@$-.-]V`0TXWW8!##CC?='
.


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..-QL4\XVYI@##C?CD./-
M-^.
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXVWX`3#CCEE`/....,(PXXWGQ#SCCDD-,-
M.-^`4PXXY93S#3??@(,-.NB@@XXWX6##3K8@/


.
M.-B@@PXVXGSCS3GHH(
...5@@XTYWWSCS3?8C,..-]\\TTXZ*##CK_V'P#
MCC???`
.-N=@@\TYZ*#SCG=?.,-..4\\TWYG1##CGHH(

MW]A0X?.7+=OWLAUZ]8-'+AOWL9Y`_?MFSATZ-5^P8.&SILV



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M@\XYYYQSSCGGE&
.0




.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@8\XXY92##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXXPSSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*`SSCGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKH
MH(,..NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)1SCCCCC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MF&,..NB@@PXYY*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(QCCCGF``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MQ(U#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG/G

MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB88PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@
PXYYI@S#CGHH(
..NB@
M@PXZYZ!3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIACSCCBA(

PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#CCGFF%

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD/]3SCGHH(,..NB@@PXYZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


@\XYY9Q33CG@G#/..-V8
\XXY)A##CGF
MH(
..N2



8XXYZ(Q3CCGHH'...=V0`\XWX)`3CCCF








..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY`S#CGGH(
..NB@



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ)AC#CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGEH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@(PXZZ*!CCCGG
MG#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#/...:8

MH(
..N:88\XXXH2##CKGG#

..NB@@PXZ
MZ)QSSCCHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB44\XYZ*##CKHH(


\XXYI@SSCCG
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


ME$


PXZ
MZ)0S#CGEH(/.-]Z(\XTXXY1##CGDC$
..NB@@\XXXXR#3CGEC%

MXY1SSCCCF%




;

M@2M'CEPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0




..N.
0PXZZ*`#3CG@?

-.-UT@\TXW&PSSC?F
MF(-..=UT4XXWX80C#CKHH`-..-Y\
TXXW&PS#CC@?%
..NB@(XXWX83S33C=
M=&

MY733C3GHF'-.-^)\XPTXY8#SS3?@@`/.-^)@@\TXXGCS#3C8C#
.-]^
(TXW

.--]UPL\TWWVS#C3CEH(/..=Q\`TXW
MW8`##CG=C#/..-UTTPTYW'CS33??B!
...B@(\XXX(SSS3??C

--]Z(@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

...6`@PTVXVPSCCCEH(

M..)@
\XVW'@33C?=C.

M..%T
\XXXW0CSCGGH&-...%T
XXWWX0##C;8C`..-]]L`\XWWG#SC3CB8!-.



M-]V4@\XYYV`S#C;8C



63ARX




'#MRX





..NB@@PXZ

..-]X`PXYZ*##C;HH(,-.MA@@PTX
MWX!S#CKCC

-.MA@


....

PXVZ&##3CH8(,-
M.NB84PXXY'33S3?D=-,-...$$\XVY:#CCG;@/--..)\XTTYX*##CC??`,.
M.=U\`\XXXY1CSC?HH#/....,,\XXXY#333?@C(,..NB(TTTWV'0##O\XXWR#
M#CKA8&...=A@@PXZYFP#SC?AH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N5P$PXXYF#
M#CK8H`/.-^-@$TXXWXPS#CGE8
/--N`@PTVZ*##CK?E`/.-^9@`\XWZ)0#
MSC?E@(




&[ALZ=.C084.'#1LZ;.+&==LVCMPX=.C0E0-7





MVXR##3;H8(
..NB(_]
--]R4`TXYY8##C;88#/....,,\XXXG3#S3CCC$/.
M...`@PXVV&##C;8H(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@`XXWWG0#SCCC?./-...@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##C;8H&
.
M.-^8`XXWWWP##CKHH#/....@
\XXXYC333?DD$-.-^B@@PTXWGR##3G==`/.
M...


M#3C=?.
-.-B@@PXVWWSC#3;CD#
.-NA@@PTWWV#_@PTZZ)1CSC?F=-
-.-]T


-0


*9PX8.'39TW\-PQ8.'#ARX\:5P\9M&[APV+A

:-



M@0LW#ATZ=..Z=0
W3MPX;^2


.
M.N2

-.-Z`
\XXY(Q#SCC@H(
.


-.-B@@PXZZ)`S
MSCCDC$/...1T\PTXXX##3;HH(,..N4

--NA@@PXZZ(S3

.-MA@@PXVV*#
MSC?@E(,.-MB@`PXYY'CS#3C?E!,.-]N4@PXZZ&#SC3GE@%,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH//--]]T`\XXY'CS
MS3CCH(

-.=UT`\XXY(R##CKHH(--.=^`
M0\XXW73C#3CDD-
-.NB@@\XXY(Q#3C?@?$-.-]UT
\XWWWB##3CCD#
..=UT

MX+ZA0W?NW#=OXL*-\X8-6[ENW;J!^_;-6[ANW[R!PX8.'39PW[QA&S=N'#9T




MSCCDC#
.-]Z``PXZZ(@CSC?@E&/.-^.




\XXXWSCC3CA8(
.-MB@@PXYY'0#3CCB?/--..*`
MXXTXXGS33?=E',..NA@`TXYY8!3_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYY9QSSCGGF&









..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


..NB@




MF(

B@@PXZYI2##CKH


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB,
M,\XYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHG'/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ(2##CKCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S#CKD

..NB88XXYZ*!CCCG@
MG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(



\XYYZ##CKHH(,..NB8,\XXXZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)##CKH
MC',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH!
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XX
MY)R##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#3CGGH(
..NB44\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXZ##CKEE%
..NB@@PXZ


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB(@PXZXZ##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYY9PSSCGGH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ)@SSCCCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(
..NB

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

D4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-7

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

0\XVWW33S3;B8(---^)\XPTWXO^

PXXV(R##CKH8#/..-N`
MX\TWVX`SSCCA@$/...B8$TXXW8RS#3?B@----^-@4TXYX8@3#CC?E----^6@
M4TXYW92S#3?A@
/--N!T@PXZXXR##CKH?&
.0
I]X_8-7#=PX
)U`P?NFSET



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M'#9PX+Z!*_?MFS=LX+Z9^V:N'+9MX

MW#=TV





M#C;8H(/.-]A\XPTXY(`##CKHB#/.-M]LPPTYV*##C;8@`/.-^48PXXY:#
M#C;H@/.-.=^48PXVW'P##CCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
`/....@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M*T=NW+ANX



.-O_HH(
-.-^`
M@PTZX(`3#CGCC#..-]^`

-.-A@
M
PXYWX##C3GHH`-..=A@@\XWYI2#SC?FE#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A_\.'3IT


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M\XTWWGSS#3CHH(
.-NB@@XTXWGCS#3CCC-/_S3;CC(-..=UTT\TXX'Q3#CC;

--MUT8PXYW733S3C@@(


ME//--^!\`PXXY9@#3CG==%

TXWVW`S3C?@
M@.
-..64`XXWX82##3K==$
*$(PXZZ(@CSC?@E%/.-^1TTPTXY*#SCCC

MH(
.-N)XX\TWX)13_PXXY:#SC??8(,-.=UTTPTXWH`##CC;F&,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

.


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)R##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@\XYYY2##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..N@`!!TZ=.C0

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

MYYB#3CGGF(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M=.C.F4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ

M=.?(E4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.7.G4.'#ATZ
M=.C(H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M0X?_#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


PXYYHPS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY`S#CGDE%-.


..NB@@PXZX:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



.


\XXY9PSSCCEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'



--N.0
PXZY9BSS3C==


M..&(XTTXV&`SCC?CC(
-.-Y\L\TXX83SS3CHH&-..-UT
PXWX8@3#CKFG-/-


M#CK??.
-.-]\XPTWWWSC#3?FH(/...!LP\TXX'33C3C;?./-.-V0
PXYXXPS
M#C?A@/

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.0-A


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`3

.-MB@8\XVW(0#

-.NB4\PTZZ*`SSCCD?
/--]UT`TXXW70##CCFF(/.-^.
@XTXWW@#
M#C;CC#
..N68L\TXW72S#3C==(/..=UT
TXYVW`33CCAB.--.-A@
TXWXXR#



-..:8@\XXY(S_
\XXVW`C3C?HH'
.-N64
MP\TWW72SS3?AB(-..=QL
TXWW&P#3C?88#
..N=TT\TXWGSCS3CC=-/-..5\

/-.-]TTTTXW'CSS3C=C#/....0

M@TXYX6S#S3C=E%/.-M^$(PXZY8`#3C?B?./--^*


-.-UT
MT\TXV*##CK@C#/.-^0
PXZY73333G;B!




MZ/_0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@LXTYY71C3CGE@-/--]^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##C;8H%
..-^8@PTWVX`3#CKHF/



--N!\`PXXY9@SSCCH
MH%/.-MYT
PXXY90##CKFE`

M;(/--^!\
\XXZ*#SCCCC$/..-^`@PXVZ*##C;CC-
-...
TPTXXXR#3CG@
M?(




XXYV(`#SC?8@/

M'+ARX



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH//--]YT`\XXXZ`SSCCCH(

...68\PTZ



)Y


M0R?NVS9NY;Z9

I]`_?-F[APX;Z%]?-VS=PWL!Y\P;N&[=MW[A

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#3CGDD',..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGD_Y!C#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKC
MC&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,XXYZ*#SCGD
MF%
..N200PXZYX@3SCGBG'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(/...:@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3H





QY^U8.'3IT


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
20<PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXXQC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


B8<\XYZ*!CCCGFE/.--^6@@PXZ


..NB@@XXY
MYIB#CCGFF(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB

\XXYZ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)Q#3CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CGDH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(


..N:88XXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C

O6[=RY<]_`8<-&KALY

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M_QTZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ)CC




M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

U=NW+ESY



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N=PLPTWW8S333?HH(
..N5T

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.3*H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

-.NB@@\TYZ'@#SC?BA//--N64T\TV
MX_^0TPTXVVP#3C?AA.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HR)%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
<


..NB@

M@TXYYYB#CCGGG(

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3GQI$CAPX=.G3GRJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#


MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT/^A0X?NW#ATZ-A*U?N7+ESY]A



MG(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKBB(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..N.

..NB@4TXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#3CGEH(
..NB00TXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYJ##CKEE%
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKBH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGAB#/...:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

S=NG+ESX\:98\XXXYPS3CGEH$/....44\XYYY`SCCGEE(/....4@TXY


@PXZ





0
PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH`-...2@@PXZY8##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

PXWVWS3
M33?=E(
..NB@
\XXW70CSCGHH(
..=UT4XXWX8`S#CKHH(/..-]\`TXWW713
MCC?A@,.-N.,,PXVWX`C3C?DC----^20@PXZYZ#S3C88#
.-]^`XPTWYIR#




..NB04XXWX80C#C;E=-/-..-X
MT\TXY'3333?DH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@\XYY:##CKHH(

M#CKHH$

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`3
M3CCDH(
..N9\@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH8`
...%@@PXZV'PC
M3CC@A----^2
LPTWXI2SS3;B;


PXWVX#C#3?;G(
..NB8
MXTTYY6R#S3CC=/.-]Y\,\XWWH`S3CCA?$/.-MQXTTTWW9##CKHH$/..-UT
M

M(TXWXXS333?DD(


-.MA@
M\XTXV&`33CC?@`/.-^.
TTTWXXP#CCGHH(/..=UT
XXWWGPC#CKHH(
.0
*!

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYYQ3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N*@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIAC3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYJ#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEH(
..NB@
M@PXZY9ACCCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)PSSCCEG(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CGHH(
..NB@
M8XXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB($XXXZ*##CKE@(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ&!33CGF8(,..MB`4XXYWY0#SC?CC!,..-R0
M`PXXY6#333?@C`,._SCH8(,..NB@,\XXXYCS#3;8E`/....0`PXZZ(S3#3C?
MC(,..NB@\XTWWF##3KHE`

MH(


:-











M8PXYY)1#CCGFH#


M@PXVXXS3S3CDD'/...644\XYY90S#CGEE!
...:8

..N60
MTTTYY90S#CKHH(
6<<TXYXYQSSCCFH(
..N2


XXYYIACSCCDD$


\XYY9!#3CGF

...:00TXYY)AC3CGD




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ

J!&S=NG#=PX



\XW_]Z`0TXWW7Q##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`3CC???'
..NAPLTTYY:##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`/....$
TXXX7`#SCCC8#
...!T(\XVW(S333?=
MC.
-...
TTTYX8!S#CKEE-
-.=QL(PXXW&P#3C?HH(

M?-/-.-A@



MWVS#S3C??`/..-^`\PTYXV#S3C=C/.-]^$$TXWXWP#3C?B;
/-.-UTT\TX
MWWP#3CC=C#-..-V

.-]^$$XXW

MV\8M'#ALV

Z9
U?NG#ETZ
R5

M






MF(




..NB8@\XY

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@LXTYY71C#CKHH&/.-^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#SC3??C#-.-]UL,PXVV(0SSCCC@%,.-MB`XPTXX(Q#SCCCD/,-.NB@@PXZ
MY9CSC3G?@%,.-MMP`PXXZ*##C;@?%/.-^64`TXYXXQ##C;A@#/_SCCCC&
.

-..64`PXXV&!C#CKGH!/.-N.

\XXXXPSSCCAA(.-
M.=A@`TXYX'R#33GCD#
..N68\\TXXY!3#CCHH(
.-N68LPU`P&WC]@T=MF_@




:1^^;M&SIT


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYZ*#SCGF


MG'





..N;_H'/.


.



..NB@@XXYYZ!SCCGFF'

<<\XYYY1SSCGGF&
<<\XYYY2#SCGGE(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M'+=NY


0XXWWWB##CK88(...=^``PXVWGSS33G?@%
..-A@@PXX
MW&Q3#CKCD#
...68\PTZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYXZ##CKFE$,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[=MV_?NH$;-ZY;-W+DT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#





PXVV)SSC3??A/--

PXYXWQC#C;8D-

-
M.-Y\@PXZX8CCS3??@/
-.=UT`PXYX'QCSC???`/.-]UT_U
..N.

PXXY90#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGCG'....:88PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


PXZZ)13SCGHH(

.


.


MSCGGE(




M#CKHG(

8<TXYY9R#


@4\XYYZ!S





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MSCCGD$/...:
0PXZYHPSSCGED$-..=Z($PXZZ(PSSCCBF&/...-XTTTYXXQ#
M#CKHB,....$`\XXZ)13SCCGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE$,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:
4PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


Z-_RM7


O6;9RX<^?&F2M7




C.D1MW







PXZZ(PC#CCD@!/...B0
M4\XXYZ##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ)2#SCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKF
M_XQ33CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0


`TXWW8Q3#C?;A!


M@\XWX)2##CKH8#/...-PXTTWW7`3#CC?8#
..NB@\TTXX'0S3CCA;`
..-^
/.-^@@XXWWX33S3CC
M=',..NB,\TTXX7P33C?=C`/.-^0@TXYYGR#S3CC<(
..N*

M;/--..B@

M=#/.-^!\
TXWY92##CKHH(
..NB@
\XXZ*`#3CC==#/..-UT(\XYZ*!33CC;
MC#-._SC@C#-.-^5LPPTXW7S#3C=8(.-.-V`\\TXW'P#3C?@A`-.-]B$(\XY
MZ(Q#SCC@;,--..-TT\TXWH@SCCGHB#/.-^-\\PTXXW##C3?BH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MYIAC#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGEE$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCCC#







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY7#333?C@(

M@(
--N:8`\XWW)A#SCCCH%/.-^,0TXYYF#S#3KHH',.-]M\L\TWWHPS#CGC
MC(/--^@_U/.-^8\PTZZ*##3KH8(

PXY
MXW0#SCCC@&/.-^!@@PXZZ*`#3CGF?/---]UP0XXWWWB##CKH?.
--MA@@PXX
MX(PSSCCC=`/...-T`\XXXXQ3#CC?H(




MXXPSCCG?@(
..MA@

-

.-M]X`\XXXXSSC3G88//--]^`0\XXXY`S#CCHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCHH/.-.=^`

..NB

\XXX(@C3C??@`..
M.=]PL\TYZ(PS#CGCC#/...1TTPU`P(U#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=










\XYX)QSSCCFE%/...A\`PXYXYACCCGF
MH(


....@@PXZV(Q#3CGDH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
2@8PXXWYC333?=D`,..NB@@XXWWXP3CCCCC#/....0\\TWWH!##CC?E`,.
M.NB@XTTXX&##C;8B./--]Z<@XXYYG0#3CC@8#/...-X\\TWWH!3#CC??`
.

-.-]\@PXZZ'@##C;8@.
--]N0
XXYYG0#SC?@=`..

-


\XXW7@S
M3C?@?.
-..B@@\XYWGS333G==-/--]MP4TXWXY#3S3?DD
---^!\@PXZV&`S
M#CGCC#





-VS9PX<:1TTTWY(S3#3CA@.--.=UT4PXW
MWGP3#CKGH(/-.-A@
PXWX(#C#3?GF(/...*$
PXWW713CC?A@,.-N.,,PXV
MX(`C3C?DC-.--^.,`XXYZ*`CSCC88/.-]^`



-..6`\TTWXW33#3?B=---
M..-TXTTWY(0##CCCH(
..MB
(PXWVY`SSC?HH(/.-^6`$PXWWXQ##C;B?./-
M.=N@@PXZY803SC;C?.
-..-X(TXXX*!S#CK8C`
...!T0\XXW71##CGH?&-.

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY733
M33?C?`/.-^1T`\XWXH#SC3?DC/
-..5@
PXYXWQ3CCG8A`
..-^
TTTWVXS3


.-N#_?#-.-^.
TTTWXXP#
MCCGHH#/..-A@
XXWX(`SSCC?@(
..MQL(\XXW&P#3C?88#
.-^!\
TXWY9B#

-..-PL\TWW733


XXWZ*##CCE_X03SC;@C#,.-N-XX\TYW*##CKEA`
.-^-\
MXPTXXWP3CCC?H'/..=B
`\XWX70SSCC==$


--]Z(
M@PTVXW#CS3?AG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`



H3N'#ATZ=.?

M=.?








..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PTZZ'R#
M#3KH?#/...-@@PXVV&##CC?F(/....

\XXY(Q#3C?=@#

M#3?;F//-..2
`PXVV'@##CGHH(
._SKHH#/...B@@PTZV&##3C?@/.-.=^`
MXPTXY9`#SC?FE#/...!\,TXWX'PS#CKHH(,-.MA@@PXVV&`#SC?GF(/..-UT
M(TXYWX`S#CGEF`,..-A@8PXVV&#SC?88//--^.


.-.-^`
M
\XXX'R##CKCB-/--]MP\TTXV&##C;88(/.-^:4@TXYVW#3S3C@?(,-.NB@
M,\XXV&##C;CC(/-.-A@@PXXXXPS#CGH@//--]^

\XWWJ##CK8@/,-..
M0TXWX(PSSCCHC#

PXXY9`SSCC@E&
..-A@@PTZYVS#C3?@@//-..-P

--^.

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M3CGCF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYJ#
M#CKHH(
..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*`SSCCCG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFC%,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#CC??8-/--^!\
PXYXV##C;8
M@./--MR4@TXYY71#SCCCC#-.-]V`(PXZZ)CS33?==//--MR4`\XXXXSS#3GD
M=`/..-QL@PXZZ*`SSCCHH(,-.MA@$\XWWGSS33GDD-/--^20`PXYW733S3C@
M?&-.-^`(PXZZ*#C33C88(

M=(
.-N!\\PTVY)#3#3CCD#

.W#ALV-!A.W<.V[G_<.*^


M@?





MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ






G4.'#MVY




';MPX
M=.?0H3MW#CKGH'

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.





F3N'SMPY=.?
E3N'

G4-WSIPY=.C
G4-W#ATZY9R##CKG


MG(
..NB@8XXYYYQSSCGGH(



..NB@@TXY

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@XXYYI!#SCGEH(
..NB

\XXY:##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZXI!33CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEH(
..NB@@PXZYXPS#CKHF&
.







MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#3CGCF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXYY*##CKHH'/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&..

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/....
@XXYXXQS3CGCC'/...:88PXYY91#











MY)ACCCGFC#/...2

TXYYY133CGCG'

.
M-N.@@PXZWH@CCCGCG'
..NB



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEG(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*`C3CCHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!C

..NB@$XXXZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%/....0@TXYY9R##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYIB#
M#CKHH(/....


M#CKHH(/....8@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@(PXZZ*##CKHH(

:-&_=-

M..*`
XXWWWPS#C?;?!
..N68\PTZZ*`SSCC88`..-]QL`TXXW71#3C?DC$-.

.-...

-
M-N.0


\\TXX8@SSC?CC#/...1TT\TXXXQ#
M#C;C?.
--]Z($PXZZ&#S3C@C#-..-^,0\XVXH#S#3;CH(,..MZ`\TTWXWCS
M#3KHB
...-X\\TWXW##C3?BH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



PXYYZ`S
MSCCFD$

M0PXYXYB##CKHH'

M
\XXY8QSSCGFD(

XXXX(P33CCCH%



M@PXZZ*#SC3CA@`

M3C?==#
...8@XXYY7`33CCAB.--..!P(\XXXZ##C;8?!-.-]V

PXVV(P#
MSCCC@+

\XVW'@C
M#CKEF/
-.NB@

TXWXXPS3C?BB'
..N:4`TXYX'S#

..NA@
M@\TXX(PS3CC@C#/.-N)\`PXVXZ##CK??`-.-^)\XPTZZ(PC#CCC?.,-..-L
MPXTWXJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

MG'
..NB@@PXYY)1CCCGCF&

M#3CEE-...:0,\XXZ)0SSCCDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(


--]V
M`PXXY8##3;H?(,--N6`@PTVYICS#3C;G#/....@@PXVV)0#3CGF8+,-.-^$
M@PXZZ(S3C3CAC#/....,8\XWX(##3GC@(

M4PXXWW#C#3C@B-.-...@@PXVV(!3#CC?C$
.-MB4`XXWWWB##3C?C$-...!@

0TXYYF`##CKHE

PXVXXR##3C?
M@'
..N*
TPTWY9B#3CG@?&
.-N!\@PXVX'QCSC?CC`/.-]]X`TXYV&!3SC?F
MH(
....

\XXXX#S#3?CC$
..-B








-.-N8`PXXXWSS#3CC
M?-...@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

...-TX\TWWX#CS3?C
MC`
...5@
\XXXWQC3CG8B/
-.-Z
TTTWW(S333?=C----^-\(TXXX'SS#3CE
M@----^.0`PXXW9P3#CGDH(..-]]L`TXYY8#SS3?@@(
..NB

PXZZ)`SCCGF
M=-

\XXXZ#3CGF?&/.-^!TXPTXWX#CS?\X
MXJ##C;8?%


PXYY'2##CKHG-/--]Z`@\TX
MY(S333?=C.
-..,TTTWW8S3S3CC=`/.-]YPTPTXWZ##CC?E./--]Z(\TTY


--^.

PXYXXSS#3GC
MD%
..-A@4PXXXXPS#C?==#
.-N.
TPTXXXP##CK88(
..NB@
PXYWX!3#C;8
M8/
-...

PXYXXQ#SCCDC&
.-N.
4PXXZ*##CKBC-/-.-A@@PXVV&##CK8
M8(


PXXZ&##3;CC#,..NB@@\XWYHQ#SCC?
MH(,..NB88\XWZ)QSSCCDC#-.-^

\XXYGP##C;CC#

-.-^84PXX
MWH#SS3C8A`

MZ)CS#3CH8+

-...

PXYXXQ33CG@H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




-



M


MH%

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@(PXXX(SSS3CCC`/.-^4@PXZZ)@#SCCC
MC`-..?_D=-





MW73SS3?88(
.-NB@@PXZXXCSS3;EE-/--N.0T\TXW733#3G88%
....

TXW

..N.(\\TV
MWW@#CC?HH(


M.=^@@PXZZ)13SC;F8(/-.=B@@PXVXGCSC3?@E&
..=U\`PXYW9!##CG=?`/.
M...@@PXZZ)A3#CCA@/.--^)X$PXXW7P#SC?@E(
..NB8LPTWWH3333???(
-













.-N64`TXXWWCC#3CEE/--
M.=UTTPTXWGR##CKHH'

M#CK?@//-.-Y\XPTVX8CCS3C88(

MS3;D@/.-.=^88TXWX(`#3C??C#-.-^6@@PXZYFS#C3??F&-.-^!X\PTWWHPC




M-W#ET*%#5VX;-_]OX;IU\P8.&S9TV



MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB44\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYHQ3
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(









..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCCCC(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGCE%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@\XYY:##CKBH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH-...B@@PXZZ)Q33CGHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@4TXYYZ##O\ZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH....B@@PXZY9Q3SCGGH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@XXYYIA3#CGEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.73HT*%#APZ=.7/HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/....,@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


ME----^64




C4-'KMPX=.3(C3

;


W#MVY;^7


..NB@@PXZYGQSSCGHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N2@@PXZYY2##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB0$PXXXXR##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKAH(


..NB@@PXYY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@$XXYYI@SSCCCE(,..NB@@PXZZ(B##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*#3CGEE(

M@TXYY)QC3CGDH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CGED(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

@TXYXY`S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH'


\XYYI@SCCGHH(

M@'

\XYYYPS3C?FE(

MH(
..NB@@\XYX6#S3CHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(..-^)\XTTYYXPSCCGE

MZ*#SC?A@//-..6@@PXY`&'#ATZ=.C0H0

F0MG


F2
W










M4\XXYY13SCCHC#

..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N244\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH....B@

..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCGA
ME(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY*##CKG
ME(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD!-...*
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXJ##CGD
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ)1SSCCCG(

MH(


..NB$@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYY)2#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!33C?CC-.-.-]X\\TX







W#MLW;^.ZA0L7CCCAB.--.-]X(PXXWGRSS3GHH(

MT\TXV&`#CC?@@-.-..#_@.

..NB(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


V?.'#ITW;IU0V=N'+ES



\XVW&R##CKHH(
..NB`4PXXX)0##C;8


`TXY
MV&#S#3C?@%
.-N!\`\XXY(Q#SCC@@(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..MN((\XXWX`#SCC=B#/.
M-N)\`XXWW'P#CCC8B!-..-R$(\XXZ)13#C?B=-/--N!TTPTVXV#C3C=@`/.


M.-Z`
\XXWH03CCC8C(
--N-L`\XWWVP##CCAG(
..MZ
X\TWXW0SCCC@C`
.


*%$Q=N
MW+AQW]A_T.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE@'/..=]X(TXXXGSSC3?@E(,--N6``\XW
MWXB##CKHH(,..N)XP\TVXY`#SC?B?./--^%\`TXXW7@#SC?B=,/--N`\PTX
MWF!C3CGHH(
..NA\\\TWWG@C#CKHH(
..NB4`XXWWX##C3GFH(
..NB@@PXZ


..NB04TXWXY`S
MSCCC=-
-..%X\TTWXW33#3CDH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


MP_;M6[ERZ+:=0X?N'#9LX+!Y^P:.'+AOYKYAPX8.G;ESW+R!^Q9N6SERZ
1U

.-N6
0\XXZ(Q#SCCHC#/...2


.
M-M^48PXZZ'SS#3CAC#-.-^,,PXWVZ##CKB8(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

-
M-^.

..NB$\TTWW9@3



TXWW71#
M#CKHH(
..N*
XPTWX8@S#C;BA`/.-^.
T\TWW73SS3?BC.


-
M.NA@@TTYWZ##C;HH(,...6``XXYWV#C3?@D%

...6
0\XXWYA3
M#CC;?.
-.-B


-..6``PXVYHPS
MSCCHC#/...B
0\XXXY`SSC?F?`...=N`\TTXV*##C;@F%,..NB``PXXX9`S
M3C?@C#/.-MR@@PXZXV##3;??(
..N.

M3CGHH(
..N=@@PTVV(PS#CG?H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB8@PXZYY2#


M'3KHH//--]Z
$XXXX9`#3C?=A.
-.-]\XPTXWY2#33GE@//--]^(@TXYYG#C

`TXXWWCS
MS3???`/.-]UT4PXZXHSC#3?CD#

TTTWY)#S33C88(
.-N&(X\TWX'Q3

..NB@\\TWW703

\XXX(!3#C;DD-
-..20\TTYX(#C33CHH%/.-]]XTTTYZ*!C
M3C?==$
.-N68`PXYW70##CG?_X!SCC?@@/
--]YX@PTZZ'SC#3C??..-..B@



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C(D4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HRI4[
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)PS#CKHH'/._SCCH',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0



MH4
W[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4
GCAPZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

MT*%#APX=N7+DT*%#APX=.G3HRIUS#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*`S#CGCF(
..NB@


M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2@0PXYYH!CSCGHH(,..NB0@PXZX:##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZY8QSCCGBD/^#SCGHH(
..NB@@PXZY*##CKHH(,..NB@4TXYYI133CGD
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGHE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4\XYZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

F3.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H2.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CGEC#/...B@@\XXYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCCC
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXXZ*#SCCG
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKC
MG'





..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGE(


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0F3-G#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..N.
`\XX



MXXQ#SC?HH(

.-N.48\XWY9R#3CGGH(
..N.00PXZ
MXXPSCCGEG'-..=^44\XYY9QSSCCEC#/...6

\XYY(PS_XXYWH@3SCGHF&/.
M..:((\XXXYQS3CGCG'
..NB44\XXYY!##CGFG'/..-V84PXZXWPSSCCAC(
.
M.N6



R9
M

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0E2MW#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHB(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFH(

..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB0$PXZ
MZ)AC3CGED(,..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCC',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z!#SCGGH%-.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'-..-UT
TXWXXQ3CC?CB
/-
M.-UX



--N.


..N*`
\XXWX`S#CG;?!....B@@PTVY73S



MOH$KAPX=.FS_X





..NA@

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!##C?==#,...B@,\XXZ*##3K@?#

M#CCEE(
--NB@\PW_-N68


(PXVY(Q##CCHH(/.-^:


M
PXXZ*#SCCCC$-.-^





M'3ITZ+QQV_9MV[AQY+Z!^V8.W3ARX\:1&S?.W#=PV-!APP:NW+AQV


J!^X8-'3ITY[AY\\;-
M&[AOY+Z1&S=NW+AQZ-!APU:.&[AOX

M.=^0
\XXYGP##CKGA`
.-^.
0\XXY(PS#CKCC#/....@@\XXY)13#CC8C#/.
M..44PXWX(`3#CCE8(,-.-^,,\XXXXPS#CCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M#CKHE`/.-]B
TTTWW8SSC3?@C----^6@4XXYWYCS#3C8C

--N&$
\XXX&SS

..NA@(PXWVX#_XPTWVYR#CCCA?`
.-]N(
TXWWH@SSCCC?!
..-]@
M

PXWVXS3#3?;@-
-.-^(

--MB
MT\TXXGSC#3GC?//-..2``\XXXW#C33?==%...=QL$\XXZ*!3SC?AB/
--N.0
MT\TXWGSSC3G?@#/.-^$(PXZZ*##CKHH(

MPX8.&S9LZ

.-NB@`\XXV&`3
M#CCCD#...=A@P\TWX82##3KHH(/.-]MPXPTWY(PSSC?@@%
..N.
0\XXXXPS
MCCG?@(
-.MA@\XTYXXR#S3CHH(
.-NB@@PTZV&##3C@@',..N$4PXZYYR#
M#3CCC-
-...
\XTYWX##3KHH',.-]]\L\TWWX`S#CCCC$/...2,@PXZV&!C
MSC;?@/--.-QL4PXXZ*##3??@+

..-B
0\XXX)1CSC;?A!/.-^9@
M@PTXWY`S#CGCD#
...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M@.

.-]N`XPTWVX`C3C?=

PXZZ*##4#


63EPX;.70
MH1


MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H





--MB@@PTXWWR#33GEH$-.-^.
M
\XXXXS3#3CBC(
..MA@@PXZWX!3CCC?@./-.=UT0PXXY92S33?@@.
-..!\

-.MA@$XXWWGAS#CKFF-





MC#/....@@TXYVW33#3C8C#/...40\XWX(#S#3CEA!/.-]Z,,\XXXXPS3C?C
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M?.

@_\--N.@@PXZ
MV*##3;H8(,--N`8\XYZ&R#SCGHE/
-.-B`X\TWWY`S#CGCC`/.-^B@4XXY
MWYCS#3C8H(
--MB@`\XWV'P#SC?DC(
..NB



7#ALV=-C`?3.'#AVZ






M.'/EP*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



8<\XYYYAC#CKH
MF&

MG&




MYYQSSCGFH(

..NB@@PXZ






MH(-...!X\TTYW8PSSCCCC#-.-^(,PXVZ*##CK8E%
....
0TXWWXPC#C;E
M?`/...1LP\TWX7SCS3?@?`-..=]\XXTXZ)AC3C?=D$
.-NB@@TXYW8PSSCCC
MC#-.-^(,PXZY8`##CKH8(/-.=]X\TTXYV#C3G@C#-.-]R

TXWX'@#SC?H
MH`/.-]^(@PXZY7#CC3?@8'/..=]X$XXXXGB##3;C=----^-L@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MYI2##CKHE&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


<4PXXW713CCGH
:<@XXYZ*!3#CKHH&

MYYQCSCGED/
-.NB@@\XYY:!S#CKFF&
88TXX
MWHPCSCGHG'

MYYQS#CKGE&


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:4@PXZZ)1C#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X

M#CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYIB##CKHH(



MZ-A0_^'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-WCAPZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SCCGFG&
<<\XY
MYYQSCCGGE&
..NB@`\XXXYR#3CGEG'


.


.


.
<8XXYY93C#3KHH(/.
8<TXYZ)13SCGGF&-..-^((\XYZ)AS#CKFF&
.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYIB#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@8\XXY9##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


R-&W=N7+ERY\B9

R9


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@8TXXW71#3C?CD---..*
X\TXW70S
M#CC==/.-N.,`TXWXH3#C3?CD-/-..&``\XXX833#3G==%/.-]]X,TXWX(`#
M3C?@@$/..-UT,XXYXHPS#CKCD#,.-N-PLPTZZ(@3SC??=./-.-A\X\TXWXPS
M#CC;C#..-^


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH'-..-UT
TXWXXS333CBB//-.-UT0\XWW703#C?CC`-.-^&(

M
PXZXXS_
PXVXWS#3KHA..-^!TT\TXV'CSS3C?C#
..-R

\XWX(PSSC?B

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%-.-]UT
\XWWX!#3C??@!
.
M.-Y\
\XXWX!3#C;CC#/.-^:4@XTXWX#CS3C==
/-.-UTT\TXW71#SC?BA`..

-.N=T`Y!NWL!MX_8-V[ES
MV


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

XXY
MZ*#SCGCE%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9QS#CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB0@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..N6

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)CS#3CGH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZXYR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#/.


..NB@@TXXXJ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_G#
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*`C
MSCCCG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`C#CKHH(


MG3ESY\Z9

Z9

M';IS_^?.G3MWSMPY=.C

F3N'[APZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK;C#-.-^:@@XXWXY1##CKHH(
.

..N.48XXYY(Q3
M3CG=E(
..NB80\XXV)Q#SCCFH#






B9
M

R!*T=N7+ESY\B-0W?.W+ASY\:1






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..MR,,TXWYJ#SC?BE%

R9






..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9B##CKHD&
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_H
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

M.7/8L(T;APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A^Z;N7+HQH'[QLV;N'#@O'';=@[=


M6SETZ

M7#?=D$
.-^&$$PXZZ(#SS3C=C#


M#C;E;
/--^%PLPTXW:#SCG;C-.-^&

\XXX(#S33GHF%
.-^)TTPTWWW33


--N-T
MT\TXV(Q#SCCCC----]V0@PXZZ&`CSCC;C`
..-N`0TXYX6PS#CG;B!
..-V
M

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@4PXXY9CS#3KHH%
....

\XXXXS#S3?AA(
..MMP


PXYXXP##CKHH%
...B@@PTVZ*`##C;@?`-..-UT


..NA@

/--^&@


-...


M=-/-.-B``TXYZ(PSSCCE@/--.-B

PXWWX03#C;E@`
..MB

\XXXV#SC3?@
MD(
..NA@@PXZX'CSC3?8@/.--]UP4TXYX)2##3;@H`/.-]^`
\XXX&QSSCGH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
M`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`..-]]T\\TXXWSS33CB
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

TXWX(#C#3CEF`..-^&$`PXYZ*##CKH
MH/.-N20`PXZZ*!C3C?DC$/....

..NB@\XTYWX!#3C?=
M=#-.-^60@XXYVVSC33C==.



-.-Y\\PTX

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MWX!#SCC@?#-.-]^`XPTXY93SS3?@A!/...B@@PXZZ*`S#C?DD/

MXXPSSCCDC.
-.-^`@PXZY)#3C3?CC`
.-N*$_^/--^.0
PXYXXS3S3CHH'
.

-.-Y\(PXZZ*`#3CG@?$-.-]UT

M.-UT\\TWY)#3#3KHH(/.-^60\\TWX'SSS3?@?`..-^*(@PXZWGPS3CCCB`-.
M.=^00TXWX)!##CCE@/




MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@TXYY:!SSCGGG%


MSCGEE(










G4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/...20@PXZ
MYYPS#CGHH(

.


PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXYZ*#SCCGH(
..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGHH(
..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYJ#SCGCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCGH(
.
M.NB@@\XYY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@,\XXYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ)AC
MCCGCC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
:84TXYY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-W[MPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&/....4@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4XXXX(`S#CKEE
....
@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CC?BC.--.=A@

@PXZYYS3
MS3CBA'/...:44PXYY9QS3CGAG'




M#CGHE$

MV[APX

M'3ITZ


M#CKEG(
..NB@@PXZZ)1S#CKCG(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEC%,..NB@@PXZZ(QS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH&/...280PXXX:##CGDH!,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&/...24
XXYYIB#
M#CKHH(

..NB@4\XYZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3
MSCGGH(,..NB@@P[_.NB(,PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYZ!##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#CCGFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD'/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH%...-^`,PXZY)0CSC?CC(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@\XWXHSC33G88#
.-N20(\XYXXQC3CGCC'



..NAX\TTXX(@C3CGHC$
._SGH



..N20




.'#IRY,Z-,U?.'#ESYK-
V=NW#ESY
9A




PXYXY!3#CKGE%
..NB@@PXZZ)!#
M3CCHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*!##CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*!33CGED(

..NB@
M@PXZY8Q3#CKHH(
..NB

M_X
..NB@4TXYY)2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MB#

..NB@@XXYYIB##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZY)!SSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKA
M@$,..NB@@TXXY)##CKHH(

M
PXWWX#S3;BB%,..NB@@\XXXXS3C3GHH#,....0L\TWW73SC3C?@(,-.MA@
M`XXWW&S#33CCC(/-.-QP\TTWW8PS#C;HH(,..N=TT\TXV(#SS3?;A!,...!T
MT\TXY73333G?@`,..-^,,TXWW8PS3CC?D#,..N:`\PTXX733C3GHB
...-X
M\\TWXW##C3?BH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

PXYYI1SSCGEG$


..N.`

\XXXXACCCGC
MC----^60
\XXZ)03CCC?H(

MH(
..MB@
\XXY)0SSCCHD(
..N28
\XXYI@S#CGGH(

MY'QCSCCCD(/...2


MXYA#SCCCG$




D2-'KMPX=.C&D4.'#MTY;-C&?1LW[IRY






-.NB`
M
\XXXY`S_PXXX)0#SC?@E`
.-MB8
PXYXZ!CSC?@E(/--^@@PTVZ*`#3CG8
M8%/.-]]X\PTVWX!3#CKCC#-..=A@`PXZV&S#3C@A/.-.=^`
\XXX(!3#C;@
M@(


M;`/.-N@@PXVZ*##CKF?`
..MA@@\TWX)!#CC???`
..N6`\_^-.=^`\XTY

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NA@@PTZ
MXWSC#3CC@/



7#IPW;MNVB1LW

'SENX;^#$=1


TXW
MX(#C#3CHH$-.-^:4`TXXWW@CCC?@@/.--]W_=%/.-^B@@\XXXXP##CKHH#
.


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH8(
-.N.0
\XXY'P#3CC;E%
.
M.NA@@TTYW(#S#3?;@`-...B@@\XXW'CSS3;E@/
--N.0
PXZY8#S#3K8?`-.

M??L&CAPZ=.BPE1





!@@PXZ
MV(R##3;C8(
..M^

-..&@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



M-MQT`\XWWH#S#3KHH`..-]]@4TXWW7`SSC?@F/
-..4`\XXXW33S3CCH%,.
M..4`XXWWW@C#C;HH`-..=A@4\XWWW@##C;@?%
..N:8TTTWY)##C3?BA//-

.-NB@@PXXY90##CG==-.-.=UTTPTXV&#
MSC???












H4/WS=LW;-_`E0.'#9NY

'[ANY;]Z^H4
W;MRX;^/$=0L'#MRX;M_`C2-7SMPW=.C0@2OW#5RY

\XXYI0##C;HH(/-.-UTXPTW
MWX`##CKHH`



\XXVX#S33C8H(
.
M-N84PXZZ(`#3CGCC#,...)TT\TWWZ##C;8H(

.--^!\`XXYWYA3#CKH@/.-



M...@`\XWWWQ3#CGHH(
--N9\8TXYV&P##CC@H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

6@@PXZZ)QC
MSCGGF(

<@PXZZ*!SCCD`*6?.FSETZ-5.W?.'+ISYLZ=.W<.

RA
V?N'+ISYLZ=


M'#ITZ

MSMPY=.?


-
M.-^`@PXZZ)2SC3GF8%/.-]]@
PXYXZ!S#C?;?(
-.-^4`\XXXY!#3C?@@#/.

.



TXWW(PS
M#CC??/.--]Q\X\TXWGSC#3;B?//--]]XXPTXWH@C#CKH?.
-.-B`\TTYX)1C
M3CCBH(

...B@@\XYW7CS
M#3C8H(

0\XXW7A##CG=@$


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[_'3ITZ-A



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@8PXZZ)R#


M#3KHH(



:4








M#CKHH(
..NB@
\XXXYB##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*##CKHD(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKEG(
..NB8\PTXYZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYY*!##CKHH(,..NB@@\XXXYR##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)AC#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HSI5#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HR*%#APX=.G+DT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKBE&,..NB@@PXZXYQS#CKFF&,..NB40TXYZ*##CKGE%
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYY13CCCHH(,..N644PXZYXPS#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9R##CKH


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB
_S/...:88XXY
MYHPSSCCGB!








..NB@$PXZZ*#CCGF
MF(,..NB@@PXZZ)P33CGEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4\XX_^.
0TXY
MY92##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGH'/....@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

--MV
(TXXX8@C#C;C@`/.
M.-^`$TXWW91##CC=B#..-^`$TXWYJ#3CCDB#/..-B
(\XWWX033C?CA!..
M-^.

XXWX(PS#CKE@/
--^*44PXZYX033C?C@/
-...$$TXWXWP##C;EA!
.
M-^-\XTTXW8#S#3??=-
-.N=TTXTXWX#S33C=F&
..N.`\PTYVWSC33??B!
.


M.=R$`PXXVX#333?HH(

WCIRW


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H1




..N2
8XXY



..NA@




XXXX)@S#CGDH(
..NB
4\XY
6`
PXYY)`3CCGFC'/.




4\XYXY!C#CKHH&



4PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@4PXXY9BS#3C@A(
-.-Y\\PTYV&`3

0\XXX'R##CKFF`/.-MA@`PXXWX!3CCG88!/.-^.0
PXZX'SS
MS3?EE(/.-^68
\XXW8#SS3C@;
/--^:@@PXVZ(#SS3CCF%
.-N48PXVX*#
M#C;@E&/.-^:@@PXXY913SC;?;





;0.W


MXZ##CKF@/,--]A\`PXXXXPSCCG8A`/....,0PXZX/]X\\TWY:##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M..%X
\XXW8!3CCG@E
/--N)\@PTVXZ##CK8C,/--M^,TTTWX7QCCCGHC#/.
M.-R$$PXXZ)S3C3?C8`/.-^-T(\XXWX3SC3?CD#/...1T,\XXVWP33CCHF+,-
M-^)T@PTVXXR##CKG8#/..-C_C,/--N!XP\TVYZ`SSCCA?#/...4`\XWW'S3
M33?HH`/.-^-T4TXYX6P#SC?@C----]V0@XXXXX#S33GD=%
..NB@@XTXXW#S

..NAP$\XXXX!3#CC?@`..-]Z
`PXWVX#3C3??B#-.-]V4@PXYY713
MCC??@#

/-..-TTPTWVX`C
M#CKHH(


--MB
X\TXY'03

..NB@
\XWX&P#SC;@?#..-^.
T\TYZ*`S

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M
V?N&S=LV
!]`_?-G#ELV




-..$`TXYZ*##C;HH`
.

M#3?=C#
...A@@PTZV&##3KH8(,-.MB`\\TWW7##S3CCH(,..N9\`\XVV(`#
MSC?CD#...=B$$\XXY(PS#CK??.,-..2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..MB@@PXZYGP##C;??.
--^-\XPTXXW33
M33GHE%-.-^`\TTWXXQ#SCCC=-/-..``XXYZ(Q#CC?A?`-..-Z
0\XWX)2#
M#CKE=%
..=R(`\XWW'S333?HH#/...!L`\XWXF`3CCC@?#/..-V`8TXYWYBS
M#3?A@(
-_S;CH(
..MB

0\XXW(033CCHG----^-@
M\PTXXW0SCCC@A./--^.


MPTTXX8`S3C?==$
..NB(`\XWX'C#S3CC=-






WCCCB=.


MCCCBA%-.-]UT
PXXX&`CSC??;#-.-]UT4PXXWWSS#3C?H'/.-]]X(\XWWY0#

M#CKHH%

..M^`4PXYW733



M(XXWXWCSC3?8@//--]YPL\TXXZ##CKD@`-.-^!XX\TWXXPS#CK=D$/...-T
MT\TWXW33#3CDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK;G'
..N5\`PXVV(#S#3CCD#/...2``PXZZ)A3#CCCC/]##CCC
MC#/....``\XVY(PS#CKHC#/...9@@\TVW8PS#C?;H(

M@!

...6`@PTVZ*##CK8
MH(,--MB@`\XWXXR##CKHC#/...4`\XWZ)@#SC?H8`
....`LPTWWY0S#CGC
MC#/...1\



9Y`S=N'+IRW+:%

M6SAPX\:-

M'3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)B#

<@PXZZ*!S3CGGG&
..O_H




MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

-..2@

..NB44PXXZ)`SSCCCC#-.-]^
M(PXZY8#S#3KH8(
-.N&``\XWYW33#3G?F%
.-]U\`XXWX(#S#3;HH(
..MZ`



--^!\$XXXWGPSSCCCH----^20
MT_]--^!L`PXXWJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGHD(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



MSJ%#=_\.W;ESZ
<<\XYYYQSCCGG
MG(

..NB@8\XYYYQSSCGG





MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_YAC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@4XXYYJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



..NB@4\XY

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYIB##CKHH(,..NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$/.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)QS
MSCCGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!3
MSCGGA(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHD(

MSCGCC(
..N.

..NB@0\XXY)##CKHH(,..NB@,\XYZ*##CKHH'/...20
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYI@#CCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD'/...B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






F4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H2MW[APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AVZ


F1MG#ATZ


MCCGCF&/...2@@XXXWYR#SCCDH(/...2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0PXZYXB##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH$
..NB@@TXYY92#SCGGE(
..NB@@PXZZ)#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


--MV
(\XYZ'CS33C@@!-.-^-T

M
TXWW8PS3C?=D$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

Z=*P?.V[=PX

J5

B-&X=NW#ARYLB1
V?.G#ERY


Z=ZW8.W+=RY







.-MB
8PXZYXQ3#CKHH(

M0\XXXYCCC3CBG(


._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@4PXXXHS3C3CHH#-.-^`
XXWXX@SSCCHH(/--^!\0\XWW703SC;E

-.-^``PXWV'SC#3CD
M@/
-.MMPL\TXWH#SS3C@;

-..6@@\XXY(PSSCC@
MH(
.-N48\XWXXPS#CKH@/.-.=B@@PXXY:##C;HH(
.-NA@@\TWWF##3CE
M8(,-.N!@@\TWWY13#CKB=-,--^.0,PXYXZ#3O\YVWC3#3GCF%

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H

N6[=R
MV
!]&]=MW+AOW\:-ZU8.'3ITZ)QS#C;C=-/-.-Z@@PXZZ*#CC?C8#....)@
MX\TWX8`3#CC=C//--^
\XTWX7@##CC?B----^:@@PXZZ(S333?CC----]V
M`PXXXWP#SC?CC----^.4P\TVWV#333?CG(
..NB@
PXYXJ##3;@@----^$

\XXX(#333?A
M?%/.-^!\
TXWW8P##C?;D/

MB-/-..-TXPTYY&PC#CC?8#/.-]]\`PXXX70S3CCA@#
..NB@@\XYYV`S#C;8
MC

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


\XXY(Q#SC?H
MH(
..NB@@PXVY8#S#3K8H(


--^.
`\XW
MZ(S333?@C`/.-]R8@PXZZ*`SSCCCH(
--N4`\XWV)2##CK@D#/....,0\XX
MY8##3;CD#/...2

MV(PSSCCCC#
..NA@`\XWX)B##CKHH#/....4`PXVV*##CKHH(,.-MB@`PXV
MV)@S#CGC?&/.-^!@@\XWX&!C#CK_Z*##CKHH(
.-MB@`PXVV'CS33GE@%/.

.-MB@@PTVV(#SS3GFH(
.
M.NB
(PXZZ)P#SCCDC+

.

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@\XYX)13#C;H8(,-
M-N!\`\XYZ*##CKE@/
-.MA@@PTZX(Q#SCCCC#

/--N5@`\XWYGQC3CG@C$/....

\XXY6#S#3C8H/
-
M..6@@PXZZ)CS#3C;@./--]^

\XXZ'S#3?CC`,...B,TTTWX(SS#3C;G(,.
M.NB@,\XXXZ##3;@E`
..-B8@PXZWXPS#CGCC#/...9\@PTVXXPSSCCCC&-.


\XXZ*##CKHH(,--N6`4XXYV'#S#3CAH(,.
M.NB@4TXYVW0S_\XXW&P#SC?FC#,..-]@@\XWX'CS#3;8C$/...2,,PXZZ&`#
MSC?@G(,..NB@,\XXXYCS#3;8H(,..NB@@PXVV*#S#3;8E#/....`4PXXWV#

'[ELX;./(@?M6SAPX;.;*


?_G%

.
8@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB0`PXXW9#3
M33?@C$/...B($XXXY(SSC3?@C----^!P`PXXW9R##CKHH$
.0









..=U@`PXXWZ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@,\XXXYR##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MSCGFG&

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



ME1MG#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8TXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCDC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#3CGGH(,..NB@@PXZYHPS3CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3H




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGEC&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKH
MH'/....,@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ)QS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYYZ##CKH
MH(
..N:

TXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


M'3ITZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MH(

PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XY

..NB@@PXZ
MYZ`#3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(....B,,PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYYZ##CKGE%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB88XXY
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ)!##CKBH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF&
.




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8\XXXYASSO\XXYACSCCCH#



\XYWWACCCGCC&
.
M..64

M-^.

..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZ


..NB@8\XXY(R##CKHH(


M..6

\XXYI0SSCCEH#/....

.


PXYXY0SSCCEH#








..NB@8\XWX&PCSCCCH(
..NB`
\XWWGPS#CKHH(


XXWXXQ3#C?AB`
..O_HH(....&`\TTWX(!S#CKHH'
.
M-N2
@\TXVW#S#3??@,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M..B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&/.
M...
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0PXZZ(PSSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)R#SCCCC$/.
M...88PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:







.,TTTWXW0CSCCA@#/...!L0\XXWX`SSCC?A`/.
M-]B`$TXXW8SSS3?B@(,..NB@(\XXX(#CS3?;@.,--]N$`XXXXJ##CKHD!
.
M-]N
PTTXXGS3S3CC8%-...%X
TXWW8P#CCGFH(
..NA\
\XWWH`S3C?=E+/-

M..-P`XXWWVQS#CKHH#/_SCCCH(
..-^

PXWVX#3#3;8C


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$/..-^`
PXZY)0C#CCDC(

M4PXWYX@SSCC8F&





H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8

...:@@PXZY7#3


\XXY7R#

MSCCC_V#SC?@C#,..NB@@PXZZ(`S#CGCD#/.-^
TPTXX(P#3CGF;`/.-^$
MP\TXXXR##CKHH&/.-^@@PTXX)2##CKHH(
.-MB@@PTZZ&#S3?@@&,..NB@
M,\XXXJ!S#CC?D#/.-MQ\$PXVV*#S3?@E(
..NB@4PXXX(C3S3CBH(
..NB`
M
\XXXXPS#CKHH(/....04PXVV(`S3C?=@#
.-]UT
PXXZ*!3#CCEE`
..NB@
M@\XWY9@SSCCDC(
..NB@@PXVZ*##3K88`,..=Y\XPTZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZX8!##CKHH#/.-N:8@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S#C;C
MC(/-.-QL`\XWVVQS#CKHH#.....
PTTWXXS3C3C==(/-..*


J5X_:-&[=Q

MZ

7#AVX;^;0@?MF#ALZ=.BP@?O&#=RX

MSCCCC(/.-]]X\\TWV&`#SCCHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


\XXX'@##CC?H(
..NB8


-..B@

M=----^!@
PXYXXQ#SCC;=`/.-]A\8TXYX)3#S3;?@(
..NB@



M@/
--MB@@XTXXWAS#CKHH%/.-^!\\XTXXJ##CKH?$/....,0PXZZ*#SCCC


M&[9PV
MW#=OX\25



-..B@@PTZZ*##CKHH(,-...,
M8XXWYI2##C;?@%/.-^``PXZV&!3SCGFG$-.-^.
(TXYY9CS#3C88(/....

..MZ0
XXWYIAS#CKHH(...=^@@\XXX9A3#C;C

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



MH(







2%

..O_H
M?&

.-MB

PXVV(R##3;8C(
-..20`\XXYIB##CKH
MH'
.-MA@@\TXXXS#S3?HH(
B@@PXZ
MY90##CK;<',..MMP@PXZZ*#SCCDC(/.-^.

PXXV&!CSCGHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
:@@XXYYJ#CCGHG`-....<4TXYYW1CCCGAC(
..NB@@PXZYJ!CSCGHF(
.




MT/^A0V?NW+ESY\Z=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ'@33CC8H(

..NA@@XXYY8##CC@C-/--^4@PXZZ*#SC3GEH#/....
$XXX
MX7S3C3GFH

.-MAT8XXYYG2#_\TYW70#CC?@?'
..NB@0TXXZ*`3SCCCC!
.

..N:4`PXZY)#333?DD(
.
M.NB@@\XXXXR##CCEF%


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKFH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.




..NB@@PXZZ*##C;88(,-
M-MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
-
M-MA@@PTVV/]@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88`



MA@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#
MA@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L&'#A@T;-FS8L*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3DT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*!C#CGCF(/...2
8PXYY)@S#CGDH%


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C&C1N'





E4.'


\XYZ(PSSCCGH(
..N6


..N:
4TXYY)`S#CGGC#/...B@@PXZZ)0S_\XYZ)A3SCGG
MD(

\XXXXPSSCCCF(

MH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M

0PXVY'P#SCC8
MC#/..-V

TXYV(PS#C?E8(
-.=B
0\XWXXPS#CC@C#...=Z@@PXZZ'CSC3C?

\XXW8PSCCCAA/...-@0PXYX*##CKEB----^.


`\XW


@\TX
MXYB##CKHH(
..NB@
PXXWX`S#CC@B%
..NB





._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

...6@@\XWYG3333CCH(
..NB84PXX




.-NA@TTTW
MWY3#S3;@C#/...B

\[_.-B
X\TWY7#333?;@$/...%P@PXZXXR##CK@E(
-
M-NB@@PTVXVP##CC?H(
..NB4`\XWZ)#333?@8&...=]X8XXYYGR##CKHH(
.
M.N9\@PXZX'CSC3?@?/.--^@@PXZZ&##CKHF/
-.`!!APX;-G/;P'TK]XW;


N(T;YPW<N''=RJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4\XWY9###3;CC./-
M..2
@\XXXY#3C3G==&/.-^.

PXZWW@S3C?@@$-.-^*$
\XYY933C3CGG(
.
M.N.0LPTXWX`S3C?@?'/....




TXW
MY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MX'SC3GHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%,.-^$8PXVX(!#SCCBB(/....
(TXWXHQ3

....
@\TXY9CS#3KHH(
.

--N.
(PXZZ)P#SCCFF'-..=^`
PXZZ*`33CGH?./-
M..-LP\TWZ*##CK?F%,..MB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB
0\XXZ'P#3CG?8(.-
M-^04PXZYGCS#3KGF%,..-A@@PTXWXQ#SCCCD#,...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


PXZZ*##S3GGH(..
M..%\TXTYYH!3#CC?D(
..NB8T\TWWHA3#CC?H(

-
M.NB


.
M.-MP@\XXXH0SSCCG_YRSS3CDD----^20



MSCCBA//--]UT`XXWX(`#SC?==&
..NB@8TXWWX0CSCCCB!
...B@@\XYVXPC
M#CK8H(...=R@@PXZZ*##CKHC#/...B`\XTYX)!#3C?@D$,..NB$$\XWW8PS
MSC?8A..-]^

\XXXXPS3C?CH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&#
M#CKHH(
..MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#?\VV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK88(,--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@
M@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#_@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@_X
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTV
MV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@`Q!L



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XX
MXYR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




M#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N64@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB$@PXZZ)1#3CGHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*`CCCCHH(
..NB@@PXZYY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(QSSCGHH(
.







MH(
..NB@0PXYYIB##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHE#/....,,\XYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




J1.X?.W+AS
MY\R1


TXYYI!#SCCHD%/...600TXY



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#/.
M...@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@TXXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYXY`S
MSCCFF#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#


M#CKHH(
..N244TXYX8B##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CGAA(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(



.


..N.$
\XXYY0SSCCE?`
.
M..B



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_V/...24
M@PXZYY`SSCCCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HR*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.73HQ*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGG%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEE%,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`S3C?CB#/.-^`0XXWX83S
MS3?FE`,.-N.,$PXXY(R##CKHH!/.-]^`T\TXV&#SS3C==#/.-^$TTTWY92#
M#CKEE`/.-^&(LPTXX(33S3CA;

-..,,TXWW8PS#CC@C#-.-]V00TXWY*#

.-..-TTTTWXWSCC3C@E%
....``\XXX&#S3C8C#....B@@PXZX(0C
M#C;B?`/.-N!TT\TXWWS#3?BC#



\XXW71##CGHH%-..=V4
M\XTWX8B##CKHH(
--N*``PXXX(B##CKHH./--^*

M
PXXX'03#C?;A/.-..%@

.-]N`@\TVW(A3#CKH
MH(


MC1LWSMLX=.?
:

MSC?@@&

@TXYY8QS3CGEB/

M_XXYYYPS3CGFF$/...64TTTYXXPS#CKHH(/...!\
TXYYYQ3CCGCC'
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8\XWW&Q#SCCCC#/...:4@PTXY9CS#3;@@%/....
M@PXZYIRSS3?88`
..MA@@PTZX'Q#SCCFF(

M`XXWW7SS3CC@`..-^44\XVW'P#CC?@E$
...B@@PXZYX`3#C?8?.
-...
M0PXZX)1C#CCCC#...=]@@PTZX6#C3GHH(,..M^84_\.-N9@@PTWWX03CC??
M8(.-.-V(,PXVZ&##3;H8(
-..$$TXWXJ##CKH8(
-.N1X\XTWV*##C;8
MH(,..MB@@PXVZ*##CKB=-

MH(
..N.
8XXYV'0#SC?C@(
--N!X`\XWXV`3#CC@?/
-..-\X\TWZ``$'3IT

M#3?A_XP3#CCGH(


M$XXXYZ!33CGA;#
.-]N(\PTXWX!3#CKHH(/-..1L`TXWW6`S#C;8H(


M8#
.-]N`XPTWVY`#CCGFH%/.-]Z(\PTWVX#33?=C%,..-]@,XXWWX`S#C?;
M?-.--]^$`PXZZ*#S33C@?#-...%L`\XXV&`S#CC==/.-N`XPTWXXSS#3CC
MC-/-.-UT(\XYZ*`S3CC@@#,...64`\XVX'S3#3KHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

--N.

XXY
MWWSC33CD=-
-.NB@@PXZX)1C#C;E@//--]^``Y!OW[YAPP;NF[AQWKYAPX8-

MF[EOX








M[9LWX733C3?@8(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


PXY
MXY0##CKHF/
-.NB4`TXYYFS#3C?A(,-.NB8@\TXXZ#3CGF?(
.-MB`4PXZ
MZ*`S3C?=;#

\XVW&R##CKHE/
-.NA@@PTZZ&##C;88`/.-^

PXZ
MZ*`SSCCCF(
--]N`P\TWX*!CSC?@8#

0TXWW8`S#CGCE`
..NB@`TXY


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(

!UZS9N'+EQX[IU
MZT:N6[=NX+-&]=MVSARZ-=




?LF+ARX<N#`E0M'CAPZ=.7*@1/G[=LY=.B@
TXWW70S3C?@
M@.
-.-A@0TXWX(!#3C?DD$-.-^`PPTXWWB##CKHH/.-]ML
\XXY)#3#3CD
MD(

\XXY)#333?CC
.--^.(@PTZV&`CSC?;
M;%-.-^.

-.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZY8`##CK?E%
...-TTPTX
MXJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MVYA33C?FH(...=V@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCC#/....,,\XX
MX'S#3CE@/.-.=^
0\XXX(PSSCCHC#/..-V`
\XXX)0#SC?@E(
..NB`
\XX
MY8!3CCG?F/
-..5@\PTXZ&`CSCC=B(

MW'P33CCHH+




--MQT
PXYW&R##CKHE+
--]V
@PXZZ&!3CCG;@+
-
M-]N`$PXXZ*`#SC?F?(










MYYAC3C?GG(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N!X\TTWX(PS#CCEH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZWGSC#3GCD#
..=]TTTTXWV#33G@C#/.
M..



MSCC?8$
..=U\0\XXY(Q#SCC=C(
..NA\







..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:8@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ(QS#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ)Q3#CKHE'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4XXYZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(








.

<<TXYYYQCSCGFH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZY_^,,\XXYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9R##CKGC(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$


..NB40PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)P3#CGEH(



..N64
M4PXZZ*!##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB00PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKEG'
..NB@@PXZYY2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*!##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFE'
._SKHH(

..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD$
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ)!##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


8XXYY9Q33CGB


8XXYY0!DW+ESY
:9






/*G1

C0LW



G3APY=.3&D4.'

M#CK_Z)0SSCCHC%


\XXYF`SSCCBG$/...:8

M8XXYYHQC#CKHH'

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGH(
..NB@

MH$
..NB@@PXYY(2##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXXQS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXXPSSCCC

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N20@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZY)QSSCCHH(
..O_HH(
..NB00PXZYIAC#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB,,\XXYJ##CKHH(....B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


IY
O6+=PX;-B^F?/V+1RX;=R^=<.&;1PZ=.B\C1LW3IRW<.&P
O6;1PV<.7


V;MPW;M_`A1

...-P
ML\TWW7CSC3C?8(/-.-R`\TTWX'CSS3;GH(....%\XTTWX)QS#CKEA!/.-N.`
M`\XWY803SC;C@`
.-N.`\PTWXWP#3CC=?(
--N4TTTWY8`#_\XWY:`CCCCC
M8#...-Y@,\XXXX##CKH?!-..-Z

.-]N`TPTZZ*#CS3CC
M=+/-..*@@XXWWX0##CCA=#-.-]UT0_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH..-..&8,\XYYZ##CC?F$/....@
\XX

.-MB
4\XY
MY9!#SCCFF'/..-UX4\XXY92##CKHH(
..N.

PXW


TXWY9B#3CCFF#
.
M0


B-(T=NW#ETZ
YA(S?.V[AS


ME%
..-YTTPTWXY`SCCC=;
--.=^84PXXV)A3SC;@;

MC#
..N2
0\XXY'P#SC;??`


..N-TT\TVYFS#S3;C=-
--^6`\PTV
MWWCS#3;CC&-..=B`@PTVX)0#SC?H;+
--^B@4TXYVWRS#3?C8#


..-A\\PTX
MV)0S#CGCH(
..MA\8TXYX)2##CKCC(

..N5L\XTWW(@##CCCD#/....
0\XX




MW#9PW\9U




M'3ITZ-A@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4PXW
MX8!C#C;HH(,-.N!\,PXVX8`#SCCCC%,.-MMP\TTXV&##CKHH(


.
M.NB44\XVW9`S#CKH8(
-.M]XXXTWV(#SC3GCC#
....
0PXZXXPSSCCC@`/.
M-M^`\PTVZ*##CK@E&/...-TTPTXXXPSCCG?8(.-.=N`\TTXV(`#SC?GH(/.
M-^:,,\XXXZ##CKB=-
--^5PLPTWXG33#3?E@`
.-MY\XPTVXY!3CCG8@(
-

M_SG?F(
..N.
@PXZX)0SSCCCC$/...-@@PXZV'#S#3CA8(

M\=M&[ANX+Y]VW;N'+EPWKZ%XS9NW#APV+A0P?NV[ANX\:1ZS9N7+=QW;IU

\XX
MV(PCSCCHG`-..-V

\XV
MW(0#CC??;`....-T4PXZZ(PS#C?;B`

MV(#3S3CC=/.-]Z`4PXXX&S_`TXXXFP#3C?=H(,.-MB,\TTYYGQCSC?@8`..
M-]]L$PXXWXR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M-^20_P-..=MPTPTXWW@#SC?88(
..NB@(XXWX833S3??@(
-.MA@`TXYX'Q#
M3C?==&-.-^.


M#3C??/

.-NB@@PXZXW33
MS3;D=-



-..1X\XTWZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N2,@PXZV*##3;@C`



.
M.NA\8TXYZ&##CK@C#/....,\PTXY8##3;H8(

-

..NA@0\XXY'S#S3?@E(
-.-^`@PTZZ'QC
M#CKHC$/.-^4`PXZZ*#C3GE@%
.-MAP\TTXX:##C;8E/....`@PXVV'QC

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

<<\XYYIQS#CKGG&

..N*(










<@PXZYYQCSCGHH&


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NA@@\TXY(PS
MSCC@=---.-Y@@\TXXXQ#SCC@C#-.-]Z

\XXW8#SS3??E&/.-]^$`PXZZ&#
MS3G==`/.-]B@@PTVX'B##3;??/.--^&,@PXZZ*##CKCC(
..MB@@PTVWY`#
MSC?=G(

--NB@\_\-.-Y@
M
\XXXX!33CG@D----]^

\XXZ*`S#CG==%

..-Z4
MTTTWW(P#SC?E@./--^%@@PXZY'2##CKHD----]V


-.NB@
MXPTWVX!3#CC??/

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
B<
M<PXZYJ#SCGFH'

MG(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYY*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/....,@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
<@PXZ
MZ*##CKGG(

..N:@@PXZY9QS#CKFF(
..NB8`Y!S



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

\XXYZ##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZY9R##CKGC(,..NB@@PXZZ(1SSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH$


MH(


\XXXXPS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCC

..NB@(PXZ


..NB@@PXYZ*`C#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYX813#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKGC/\S#CKHH(
..NB
(\XXZ*#CCGFB!,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0E3N'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MX8!33CGCG$

:4<\XY
MXYACCCGDC#

MXYR##CKHG!

.

\XXXXASSCCCF%
.




PXYYYQ#SCCFE%
..N.00PXZY903#CCEE'-.

YA




.7+AQYLR9
V?.'#ITXL9]`R=N7#ETX\:1


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZYGA33CG;8$/..-Z,TTTWX8R##3;@E/.--^)@LPTWWHB##3;CF,/_
MS3;AC(,..NB8LPTWX8##S3;@=(,--N.$X\TWX7#333?D=#/...
P\TXXZ#
M#CKH;&/...*`\PTYY713#CKHH



!-.-]U\`TXY
MY*#SCCB@/--..!T0TXWW71##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HRGTK1XX;







..-^8`TXWW8Q3#C?;B`
..NB@0TXWW8P3#C?;C$
.
M-MB`4P[_..,`\XXXW33#3GDH(/...-\$TXWW8#S33GEH(....-\`TXXX70S
M3C?==$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZX)1C3CG@E&

-.-]\4TXYX(Q#
MSCC@8/.--^,,\XXY8`#3CC8F(,..NB0X\TWWH!3CCG??----]R,0\XXV*#
M#CKH8(
..N!@`PXXWYR##CKH8(
..MB@@PTVV(`##CCFH(
..N4_X,--M^`
M`\XWYF!C3CG@8`/.-^!@@PXZX)##3;AH(

M4\XWX)2#S3?@H%/.-^4`PXZZ*!CSC?@B-/--MR,,PXVV(!3#CC?D#,..-]\
M\TTYY*#SCCDC%

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4PXXZ*##C;HH

MC3G;;-



M
\XXXFS#C3GHH(

..NA\
MXPTXV'P#3CG@C#-.-]R


M`\XWY8@CCCCD=/
-..2@@PXZXXQ##CG=@$
..?_?C#/...0TTTWX)S#3?=
M@$


MG'



ME/

.-MB(\PTVV(PS#CGD=`

MA,..NB@@PXYY72#33GE@$-.-]V`0PXZZ*##CKHH(



..N:8`\XYZ*##CGHH
..NB@4\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MF&

MG'
..N:@@XXYZ)ACCCGFH(




MZ)ACCCGHH(


U?NW#ELV


R90W?NW+ESY]50W?.'+ISZ-A0W?N'+IRY\Z=.W?N

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ;N/(=3-G


@PXYY8PS#CCAC(
..NB@@\XXXY1C#CGD
MC(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ



.0-A.W?.G+ESYM90X?.G+ESY]A0V?N7+ESY]9

NW+ESY\Z=.X<.'3ISY<J=

_^'#ITY=.;



G2N'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZVXPS3C?FF&-.-^-PLPTZZ*##CKHH(


M..:8(XXYXXQ3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N%\X\TW
MYYQS3C?@A`
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NA@@PTZY7SC3C@;
/-
M-]V@@PXZY7SC33G;8(/-.-^





..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZVY1C3C?FF&/.-^5LPPTZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH8(
-.N9\`TXYV'S#3CAH(,..N5PLTTXYF#
M#3K8H`/.-^-@
\XXX&!C3CGCC----^,@PTVZ*##CKE;/.--]R(`PXXXY`#
MSC?HH(

--]B`\PTXYZ#
M#CK?F(,--NA@@PTVX'QSCCGHH`/.-^5@4XXYWV##CK_WV!3CCG?C$/....
M
PXYXX`SSCC8C(
..NB4`PXXZ&`#SC?F8%...=]@@PXZY7`#SC?AH(
..N6`
M
\XXW8`SSCC=@#
..NB@



M!^[;N''HT*%#!^Z;N6_FRH'#]NT;N'+HT*$CY^V;-VSGSFW[!NX;-G3?P)E#


]=-W#AOY


.


4XXYY7@S#CGD?(/.
M...4@PXZZ'P33CCBF$


.


M#CKHC%/...*`
PXYY)@SSCGGC$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N!\XTTWX(PSSC;?@/,-.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@









..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

M0TXYY9!C#CKHC$

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AVZ;]Z^=0
WCAPW





-..`TPTXXZ#
M#CKF=-
-.-UTTTTWXG33C3?DC#

-.NB@@TXYW733S3C?E%
..-B@

0PXZW9!##CKHH(-...!X
M\\TXXZ##CKHB/.-]^44PXXY'33#3CDH(

.-NB(
M

..-Z@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..N5X4TXYVV`SSCC?
MC----^&
@PTVWYCCS3?B8

--]Z(@PTVXZ!33CG@?!...-N`\XTWX(SCS3?@

\PTVV(R#S3CC
M;`-.-]U@
\XVW*#SC?@A-/--^$\TTWW8`S#CGC=#/...-TTPTYY*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


64



-.NB@_X

MH'


<<\XYYYQCSCGFH(,..NB@@TXYYZ#SCGH
<<PXZXHPC#CKHH(
@@\XYYZ#SCGF


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


..NA\`Q!SX



7#APV=-BPH4


'[MNW;^7*H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#SCG_Y:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MZ-9^X8.'3ILZ-%`^?MV[ENY
A]


!]

M;^*^@2OW[9NW;]O




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB0@PXZZ*!SSCCCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4\XYZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDE'
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGCC(
..NB@0PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.N20@TXXZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@TXYYYR##CKHH(






\XVZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGHH(..



<<\XYYIQC#CKGF(




M_SGGF&


MCCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MV
:-
:04PXYY)ASSCCCD(,..NB@@\TXXW#3CGEC%-.
M-]V4
\XXXYPC#C;8H(

.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.-MB
PPTZZ*!S

--MB@


MX\TXXXSC#3CCC(
..N*

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@

--MB@@PXXXXPSSC???`/..-U\
M`\XXX(PSSCC@C#-.-^,,\XWYGP##C;HH(,..N6`\PTZV(`3#C;FH(,..N=P
MXXTWX*##CKF?(

--]V
\PTXZ*##CK8E`/.-^A@
M@PXZZ*##3;H8(
..MA@\PTXX)B##CKH?&/_3CG@E(
--N@8TXYX(S333?@
MC,/--M]\$PXWVV#CS3?@D(,..NB0,PXVV*##3KHH(

..NA\\\TXXY`S3CGF
M8/

..NB
0\XXXXPSSCCDC%
.-MAL`PXXX8CC#3KH
MH(
..NB@`TXYYHPSSC?@H(
..N:8\PTWXXQ#SCCCD#
..N2
0\XXY(R##CK@
M?&/....
`TXYWX!3_PXVVW#S33C88(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZWGSC#3;8H(,....,0\XWWWP#SCC=@/,-.=^0,\XXX(PS3C?@
MC#,...6`\PTVZ*##CKE@`
..MB$$PXVYJ##CKG;//--]^@@PXZY8##CK8


P\TVW9`#SC?HH(


.-]Q@\PTX
MWY2##CKHC#
.-MB@@PTZZ*##C;8H(,-.NA@@PTXX'QS#CKHH.,--MA@4PXX
MWV##CKHH#/....


-..,,TXW
MWGPS#CC@E,---]V,`PXVV*##CKH?//-...

XXYY6`##CKHC-
-.-^
`Y!O

'[ALZ
M=.C

7#ALV
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..M]\`PXV
MX'CSS3;DC#
..=V``\XXW8`#CC?@C#/...,,TXWX'SC#3CE@`..-^&@@PXZ
MY7SS?\WXI!#3C?HH(
..N=TXXTWX*##CKF;/.--^)X`PXXX'Q3CCGA?-.



&[ANX;^+&D?M6



M#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



Z=0U?NW#ESY\:-



:<<\XY
MYYQSSCGGF'
..N688\XYZ)QC3C?HH(
..NB88\XYZ)QC#CKHH(

B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGDG(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N60,XXYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@4\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@
M,\XYYJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGC

..NB@
M@PXZXXQS#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(....B@@TXYYYR##CKCC',..NB@
M@XXYYIA33CGHH(,..NB@@PXZYYPS#CGGG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEE'
..N64
M4PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGCC(
..NB@@\XYY91S3CGDD(
..NB@
M@TXYZ)R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(

MG'/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHD$,...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGF
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@\XYY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`.....04PXYY)PS3CGE
MH#/...2@4TXXXGR##3GDH$





W[MPY



M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#S33C@?(.-..&(`\XWWHP33C?=C..-..&`@XTW
MWXSC#3KHH`..-]]L`XXXXG1#SCCCC#
..-]\
XXWWX3S#3CA@#-.-]YT
\XW
M_]^`
TXWY)2#3CG@@(/-.-QL`\XXW71#3C?==`

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


M@?

M=#-.-]V$
PXVV'QCCC??A`/.-MS_@----]V
@PTZZ*#S33CB?!-.-]V
$PXW

..NB4`\XVW(A3#CKHE
--..*$TXTX
MXW2#S3CCH(
.-MB(P\TWWWC#S3?BA#
..-UT(PXWXXPS3C?EE---.=MPXTTW
MWW@CSC?HH(
.-N*
P\TVXXSS#3KHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#




-.-A\\PTXXY`S#CGC@(
..NB8\PTX
MV*##3;8H/,-.-A\\PTXY7PCSCCHH/..-M\LPTWY6##CK8@(,--N6@`PXX
MY8!3CCGHC#/....,,\XXY'3S#3CCH%-..=R$8XXYV*##3;H@#/..-B
\PTX
MV)@SSCCC=/
-_SCC?(

-..A@$TXXVY3S#3CF?(
-
M-NA@@PXZV(!3CCG8?`/.-^%T

M...


M#C;@@/
-..68
\XXWX!3#C;CD#
...:4`PXYW70#SCCCD%
...B@@PXVZ*#S

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



\XXXW0SSCCHE/
-.-B@@PTVX'B##3;D=/\#
MSC?CB/.--^:@4PXYW)B##3;G8(

MSCCC=`/.-^.@4XXYWZ##CK8H!...-]\8XXYV)SS#3CC=,/--N1T`PXXWH#

TTTWXX#SS3?A?./--]B(\XTWX'CS


MSC?@H(
.-MB8TTTWW9#S3GG?`/.-^!L`PXVV)#_TTTWW8PS#C;8H(,-..!\
MLTTYY:`SSCCD?%,..-]\\PTYY(!SCC???`-.-]UX`XXWWW0S3C?=@
..NB4

.-MB`XXTXWGCSS3?FE$/...!\
M8PXVXXPS3C?CC-/-.-UT`XXWW&S3S3?HH(
.-N!\\\TYV&!S#CKHH(
..NB@

JA



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M8\XYYY1#SC?HH(
<@\XYZ)QC3CGGH(,..N:@
M@PXZYZ##CKFG(

B88XXYYY2##CKHH(



..NB@@XXYY9R#SCGG


MH&





M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZYIACSCGGH(








MW+ESY\J=.W?.W#ETZ-=4TXYYY3CC3?HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(



._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MD$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB88XXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHE!-...@@PXZZ*##CKF

$XXXX7P#3CC8G(

MD(
..N5@$XXXW8###?\WXVSSS3?@H'/.-MQX
\XYYW#CS3?@A//-..-T(XXX
MXX@3CC??@#/.-]Z`LXTXX70#SCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#3CGGG

..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGCC&

PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0PXX
MY)`##CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCCDC(


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZX:##CKHH(


XXYZ*##CKHH(-...B@@TXYYZ##CKHH(/.

.
M.NB

\XXYJ##CKHH(-...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXYXXPSSCCDF'
.

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N*@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/....0@PXZZ*##CKHH#/.

..NB@@TXYYYPC#CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#




(PXZZ*!3
M3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..N*@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)13

..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ(PS#CGFH(
..NB@




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N24



M4\XXYYR##CKDC#
...*(4PXZXXPSCCG?@(
-.NB@
TXXXXR#SCCDD(
..N20






J=*U?N'#IS
MYL:9



-
M_S;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&#
M#3;88(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MA-

...%\
PXYXW#CC3CBH&
..-^(XPU`P(';-JY;
MMW#ET*%#A^Y;.''8QG';-JY;MV[COGT#-PY=N7+=RG';)NX;-V[?NJ%#APZ;






.-MB
\TTYY8!3#CC?8`..-]]L$\XWX(B#
M#CKHH(
..NB@
\XXY*`##CCA=#


MCCCA@/--.=MP$TXXV&`CSCC88'
..N.
`\XVY(SS#3C==/_#C3C==(/--^.
M\PTZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYY)!C#CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X

..NA@
M@PXZV(#S#3C;?(

M
PXZZ)CSC3GE@%
.-MAP\TTXX:##C;8E/....`@PXVV'QCSC?@D./--]YP

..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCC

\XXXXSS3GGH//--MQXLTTYY(##3CEE(
...68
\XXX'QCSC?8
M8&
.-N&`@PXZWWCS#3;CC#...=A@`PXZV&#S3C88#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT'G[Y@T;N'+FQHTC-XXYV(#S#3;8H(/..=M\
MXPTXWYA3SCCDC#-.-^



MH(
--N!X\PTXXXPSSCCDH%...=^8\PTXY6###3??A(
..NA@8TXYX(PSSCC@
MH(
--N4`\XWXXP##CCE@%...=^$@PTVYJ`SSCCDE`/.-]B@@PTVYH##3;H
MC----^,@PXZYH`SSCC=@#/..-V`,\XXZ)CS#3C;@%...=^4LPTWW8P#SC?8
MH(,..N.04XXYWWSS#3CDH#/...1@@PXZV&##CKH8(
..MB``\XWW'B##3;B
M=//--MR`LPTXX*##3KHH./--]Y@(TXWW8R#CCGF@+,-..4
PXVV'@#SCCC
MD(

.-MB`
XXY
MY8!3SC?@8(
-.-^`0XXWWWB##CKHH(
..NB@
PXYXZ#SC3GE@#/....`L\TY


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

...2
0\XX



.


M[1PV;.;0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKFF(
8<\XYZ*!3
M3CGGF(
..N:@8XXYYYQSSCGFH(

M3CGGG(
..NB88XXYYYASCCGGE(


H4.'#ATZ=.C.G3N'[APZ=.;.
MG3MGSAPZ=.C.G3N'[APZ=.?



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY:!S#CKFF&
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZYY2##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYJ#SCGEH(
..NB88XXYZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB44\XYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M
\XXZ*##CKGD(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)PSSCCGH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGGH(,..NB@@TXYY9PSSCGGH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@@TXYY92##CKH_Z#3CGGG(,..NB@
M@PXZYIAC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEE%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N&(
M@PXZZ*#SCCGG(
..N:88PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB4
M4\XYY9ACCCGHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:88TXYY:##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXYZ)13SCCFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@XXYYI13#CGHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEB`/.-^.@@PXZW8##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB0@PTVY*`SSCCEG#/...:4
\XXYY0SSCCG


TXYY:!3SCCC










..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH..-..&8
M

..N.
0XXWXH1C#CGFF%

MF%


TXWY(PSCCGB


MXY1C3CGHH(

..N688XXY


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB`
PXYXVSSS3?A8$/..-MX(TXXYH3S#3CB
MH(
..N)X$TXXWHPS#CG=C----^%X4TXYW7P##CC=C.---]^`TTTWWX3SC3?E


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@XPTXX'0SCC??H(-...)X$PXX
MWXS3S3CC@$-.-]UX


\PTWXHSS#3G==-

.
M..&$TXTXWW@#3CC=?`

..N)\`\XXWH`#CCCA=-/-
M.-B0



H4.'#ATZ=.C`A1/G

.\@?L&


TXWY803SC;C=-/-..-TTXTXWX#S33C=
M@/

..NB@@XXXX(PSCC?@C#


..-^(
\XX

(XXXYG`CSCCED!

@\TYYZ`S3CCA?#/.-]Z$(PXZZ)C#C3CC=`/.
M-]^4@XXYYX33S3CC=%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

.
M-^.0TTTYZ*`SSC?@?#-..-UT


M.=UT(\XWV&`S#CCCC!/.-^.
`PXXX(33S3CAA+/-./_CC(/..-UT(PXWXH0S

MF4.'#ATZ=.C0?1


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#SCGAB#
..NB@4\XWZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'
.-MA@@PTX



TXWX(PS#CKH8(/--^5@@PTZV*##CCC8(,-
M..



\XXXY`S
MSCCGA+


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#

YMX^8-'#9LZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@0PXXW71CSC;FF`
.


..N=T
\XXW71##CGHG/.--^#_?(



...%X(TXXWX!##CG==#/...,,\XXX`D'+AOY
:!^T:N

:1^P:N'+9QXKYM





\XXXX!3#C;8A`..-]^

XXYYG0#
MCCCCH%-.-]V0
\XXXX3333?=C(
-.NA@@\XYYG3SS3?@G(/...-@
PXWVW@#

XXWWX#S#3;8H(--..)X\TTXWX`S
MCC?EE----^.
`XXWW713#CKED
.-.=A@4PXXWX`SSCCHH%
.-]Y\$XXWX'P#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@



M8PXZZ)QS#CKHE&/._SGHG'
..N:@`Q!TY\Z=
X?.G+ESY]A0X?.'#ITYM=

ZA

V?NW#ETZ-=,W?NG#ETZ-A

U?N'#ITZ

Z50X?.W#ETZ
RA


M#CKHH(


..N:@@\XYYYAC
MCCGFH(


MCCGGH(





M8\XYYYQS#CKHF(

M@PXZZ*!S#CKHG'

MF(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(











..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)13SCGEH(






M.73HT)DK5PX=NG+FSJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF&,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..N:84PXZZ*!C3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHE%/...:@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!CCCGCE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGF
MH$


..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFE%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXYY9R##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB,,XXYYHQ##CKHH(,..NB@@\XY
MY92##CKHH!,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY91S#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$
..NB@@PXZ



MZ*#CCCHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCG'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H3MW;APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0



MT*%#APX=.G3FS)DCAPZ=.'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APZ=.7/HT*%#APX=NG/E
MRJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG/CQJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG'GSJ%#APY=N7+H

..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`CSO\XXZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MZ(PSSCCGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB

\XXZ)`SSCCFD(
..N2@@PXZ


MZ)!CCCGCG$

..NB@4\XYYY1C#CGDD%
..-^8
XXY
MYY@SCCGFD#

P[_


.

M..:88\XXYIB##CKFF#


.

..NB@@\XWX8ACSCCFG$
.

\XXY93333GEE#/._SGHH(
..N64TTTYWGPS

8XXYYIAC3CCFD#


TXYYI!#
M#D#

W[APY










8XXY
MYIAC3CGHG#




\XXV(PS#C;CF&
..NB40PXY
MYZ##CKEC#-...88\XXY9AC#CGC=-

MZ)ACSCCGD$

....


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHC#


MSCCCF%




PXZZ*`C

8XXYYI`S


M3CGED(


MSCCD@`
..N.00XXYY)`S3CG==%
..NB@@\TXYIACSC@`

M..B@@PXYXY!SSC?BB$
..N.
4TXYYZ!3SCGDC$


M...
@\XYY9QS3CGFC#/..-B


XXXWYAC
MSCCEF&



..NB

PXXXY`SSCCH8(/-..6

\XYZ*#3CGCH(/...688PXYXZ#
MSCCCC,....,,TXWY913SCGE8(/-..88PXYXZ#SCCCF&,..NB,,\XXZ*#

..NB@4TXYXY3#S3;FH(
..N.48XXYYIAC

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:$
MTTTWXV`SSCC;?#/..-Z@@PXZWX0##CCC@----^%P
\XXW71##CGHH(
..NB@
M



M...
\PTZZ*`SSC?@;/--..)T(PXXWWRS#3C?B(.-..&$\TTXX7RS_PTXX)B#
MSCCB@`-...%X4PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M
TXWW71#SC;BA`/.-N`TPTXWW@C#C?EE`,.-^.,,TXWXXASSCG;C-.-^&0
M
PXYV(PS#C;C;


MF/





V;APZ
M=-BPH0

'+APZZ&S#S3GHE%
..-B`X\TWWXPS
MSCCCD`

MP\TVYF`##CKH8(
-.-^`
\XXXZ#3CGE;//--MR(@\TXY(P##CKHH./--]Y@
M`TXYY8!3#C;8@/,-..4@TTYYGP#3CGEC$/....@@\XXXXP#3CGFC#
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


--^`
M$PXZZ*##C;HH(

.-N:40\XXV&`3SC??


-.MA@`TXYW&S##3KH
MH#/....0
\XXXY`SCCG?@/




M_[IOX




PXYXXS333?CH(
..MB@

..MB@

MC/

0\XXYG3333?DB!....5\PXTWWV`CCC??


\PTZZ*#SS3?@8#..-]^$XPTXX'CSS3?@

TXWWG1C#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SC3GEB..--]]\8\XWX)#3S3?@
MC(--_SGF;%/.-]Z`\PTXX'B#C3GEH.
-..!@`XXWWXB#3CGF;/--..)X`\XW




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0TXWW73_,PXVZ*#S3G88'
..NB@(\XWWX`SSCC@
M?%
.-N20TPTXXXP3#CKHH(
..N.0
PXZV&!#3C?==&
.-N64PPTYWW@#SC?G

..N)\\PTVXY`S#CGC@//--]^``\XWWVS#S3?=
MG'

MC$/...2

PXZYG33#3C?@//-...`\\TXW8#SS3??G'/.-N!@@TTXWWCC#3CE
M@/
-.=U\`XXYV)QS#CKHA/.-]^,0\XXZ*#SCG=C#
...5\`XXWX'P##CKH
MD$-.-]Z
_S




MH(


MC#

.-M]X$PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
<<PXZ
MZ*##CKGG'



MYY13SCGGH(


..O_HG'-.

.
M.NB@@XXYYYQSSCGHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(..

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_SCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ)QS3CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

0PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CH`_T&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATY=.?*G0L'KAPZ=.C0

MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H0N'#ATZ=.C0H2LWCMPX=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4




.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKFG#,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$,..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)`SSCGHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#3CGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB44PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!SSCCGF(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCCD'

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYYPS
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#
M#CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYYZ##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M4TXYYZ##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`3CCCEG(
..NB@@PXZYXR##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB
`\XXXYACCCGFC#

M

..NA\
M$PXXXHQ3#CKDC$
..NB@8TXWXHCS#3GDD'/...:80PXZY)`CSCGCC`/...64
M
\XYY)!##CKHH%







M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

ME`
..-B


!]
[=-7+AP

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


\XX
MY(P##CCHH(
..N%@0TXWW8`S#C;8H(
-.NB`X\TWWF`S#CGC@#
.-MB
@PXZ
MZ&#SC?@D#,..NB@8\XVW'P3#C;88`,..-^`8PXZZ&##C;8H(
-.NA\0\XX
MXY`S#C;8?(

:-&V?N&SALZ

..NB@\XTYY6!3#C;8
M?(

/-..2
`\XWX)2#SCCC

..M^`4PXXY9B##3CHH#/....
TPTXXXS#33?D
MC!/.-MA@\\W_-^64@XXXWG2SS3CDC%
.-N!\@PXVV&`#SCC==`/....
8\XW
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

..NB@(\XV
MW'C#S3CCC%
..-]@@PXXWW!S3CCA;%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..-^

PXY


M.-UT`\XXZ*`SSCCDC$/....
TPTXXXR#CCG?@+
--]Y\@\TXXXP#3CG88(
-

PXYXXS3#3CCD+---^.
$PXWV&#SS3?ED(..
M.-UTP\TXXXQC#C;?@(
.-MA@`\XXW70#SCCCC%
...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NA@@PXZXH#CS3?F8&/..=^
TTTW
M_]R
TTTWX(B##3;HH(

`/.
M-]]\`\XWX'P#3CC=C`/.-^4\\TXXW33S3CC<'
..NB4\XTYYG0#CCCC8`/.

.-]N8@XTYYG33#3GD8(/.
M-^$`\XWWG13#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(

MSC?@@#/...:8TPTXW73333?DC.---^.

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

.


-.NB@@PXZY9QSSCGGH(
..NB@@TXYYYAS#CKFF&
.

.
84\XYYZ#CCGHH(

MCCGFH(





M@PXZZ)Q3#CKHG(
..NB@@XXYYJ!S#CKHG&
..NB8@\XYYJ!CCCGFF(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYIAC
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N:8@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYHQ3SCGH
MG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKFF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ)QS3CGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(




M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


..NB88XXY





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKEE%


PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..N:88TXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#




:1
R?.G#ERX\Z=
M

Z=&U?NW#ERX\Z=




MC'


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG+?




...!T
PXV



PXVXH03CC?EE-

.

-

M-^*`\\TWVWSS3CC8(,-.MA\`XXXXXPS3C?E?`,...2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY7@33CCA8#/..-B
P\TVX'C#S3;@A(/.

M..-P$XXXX'`#3C?=H(/....
@\TXXW##C3CAC
.-..-TP\TWX&#3S3CCE---

..NB@@TXYY7PCSCCDA


.-MB@@TXYYG0##CC?=#-.
M..%L
PXXX&`S#C?;?!
...!XP\TWX(33S3CCA

TXYY6SS
M33CBH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SC3GHH(/-.-QL`XXWW&QS#CKEE/--.=MP@\TXW70C


\XXZ*#
MSCC@?,/--]QL`XXXWW@S3C?GG(...=MPXXTXV&`S#C??@-.-^.
TTTWXY`#
M#C?@?#
.-N*$$XXWY93333GHH(/.-^&(T\TXW71S#CKEE---.=MP\PTVW&PC

..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N.,4TXYX&##CK8H(
--MB`\PTXX)2##CKHH(
--N9\8TXYX&SS

MSCCDC(
-.NA@(TXWW7@##CKH8+
-.-]P`PXZZ)3SC3GE@(
-.NB`@XTYY8!3
M#CKHH(/....

-.NA@`TXYYH!3#C;8?(
.-MB@
M@XXXXW2SC3GE@%

..NB@



W[MPY=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.?&C2MGSIPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C.G1N'#ATZ=.C0

..NB@@PXZZ*!3
M#CKCC&
..N644PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,\XXXHPSCCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
MSCCCC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB88XXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



\XXXW@S
M3CCBA(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH+/-..-T8\XYYW@SSC?@H(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH-/-...`
M(PXXWY@S3CGEF$/....@4TXXXH!3SCCCG$




M
PXZY90SSCGHH'


M8PXZZ*!3SCCEE+/-.-QL
PXYYI@S#CKCC$
..NB@4\XVYI@S#CGHH#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.0
RA
V?.
MG#ETZ-A0X?NG+ESZ-=



.'#ETZ-A,V<.W3ETY\J9.W?NG+ESY]A.V<.';ISZ


8<\XYYZ!S#CKGF'/.-]^0@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@$XXWWWB#CCGF
M?%
.-MB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#C33C@E
..-^
$\XVW(SSS3?@
MC..-..&`$\XWWH2#S3C@?#-.-^64@TXXWX`3#C??@-
-..&(T\TXWGP#CC?A
M@#/.-]]XP\TVXH1#SCCEE(

M?/---^2

..N64XTTXW733#3G=



-.-ALPXTX
MY733S3C==-

M*W?N7#ESZ





MG(


ME(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@XTTXX90S#CC@C!
.-]N

:-0X=.G+=O

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XX
MXYQS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)Q3#CGHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXYY*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##C3GE=&
..NB

5,S=N'#C@E(,--]N`\TTXX6Q3#CC@@//--^

TXY
MYGR##CKH8(/.-^,@\TXXZ##C;8H(

..NB@@\TW

.-N68L\TWX82##CK@@%/..-A@TPTW

--N.

TXYV&#S3;@@`,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCC',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXYZ)R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHF&..




.

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#





..=V`0_\.

-.-^0TPTXWY`#3CGE@.--
M..&@8TXWWW@##C;GG/
-.-^`@PXZX'SS33?AA./_#3?EF-
-.=Y\`PXVXY#3
M33?ED`..-^!\`PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S#CGCC'



M#CKED$

...*4





..NB8@PXZYY2##CKGE(
..NB@8XXYYYQS


..NB8


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
64
M





WCAPY=.C$C0LG;MPX;.+.G1M'[MPY



G3LWKERY

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






<<XXYYJ!S3CGE



..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0

M
\XXX&QSCCGH@%...=B@`\XWYJ#S#3CEC$/...2


..-^

-..!@`TXYYH!C#C;8A(
..NA@
M@PXXWXPS#CKHH/.-.?_E@%

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFE%
B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ




H4-W;APZ=.C0H8
..N*@@PXZY913#CKH
MH(
..NB@@XXYYI1#3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(PSSCCFH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MG#ESY\B9

M'#ITZ


MF&
..NC_D#



MZ)!3SCCDE%-...88\XXYYACSCC8H(,..N.`$\XXYIACCCGFH(....
$TXX
MXZ!33CGCG(
..NA@
.<0PXY
MY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

.


M-]YT4\XWX&##C;8A/.--^&$`\XVW_]XT\TXVW##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


M..2@@TXYXYACCCGFF&



.
M.N5\X\TXYYACSCCGH(
..N2



....@4TXYXYR##CKH8#/.
M.-V

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


MSCGGG%


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@`TXXXF`C3CCA=#..-]]\$TXWW7P##CGC?`/.
M..-\@\TXXXB##CKH8/--..%T8PXZZ)03#C?;D..-..&`@\TXXX0#3C?DC(/-
M.-MPX\TXXXRS#3C==(
..NB@@PXZY90##CK?@%

MSCC==-

.-N.
LPTXW72S#3C==`...-UT8PXZXY`S
MSC;BB`
..N64`\XWX8BS#3CAB#/..-UT4PXXWX`33C?CC`
....
@PXZZ*`C
M#CCC?.
-..-PPXTWV'33C3CC=----^2@@\XXX(PS3C?=C$..-^.

\XXY(PS

..N-TT\TXWWSC#3?C@/
-..-@@PTYXWCS


..N-\

..NA@8TXYW8`3CCC=C----^&
M@PTVXXSSC3?B?
/--N!T@PTVXZ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C*D3N'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

...,,\XXXXPS#CGC@!,.-MB8@PXZZ&`#
M3CGE@%,..NB(TPTWVXPSCCG_Y8`3#C;8C,---^.,@PTZV&##3KEF+
-..&`

M
\XXY9CS#3;FE

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(

ME
---]U\0TXWW93333?DC(

M?$
...:4@\TWXH3SC3?@@.
-.-]XTPTYZ*!#3C?==&-.-^.
`TXYX(#C#3C?
M@(
-.N*(`\XXWW@SSCC@?-


M#3C88(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


MX;Z%$_?M&[AOW

%$^?-&[AOW\)Y^]:M'#IT
MY+IUZV:NV[AQX,J!^^8-W#=PV--$P=NG+?_;^/(@0/7C5RW;N#(H4
G[MNV


.-]MT

-_SKHH#-.-]UT4TXXXH2##CKHD-/-..2

PXYW70#CCCH
MH(


-.-A@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



Z=

MG;ESZ







..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKGC#/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@XXYYHQ3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CGDH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!SSCCDC(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGED(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYYQ3#CKHH!,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGGG#
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N.44PXZZ)`S#CGHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


.

..NB@@PXZY)2##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ)1SSCGEG(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHF/


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY2##CKHH$

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@,PXYXY##CKHH(
..NB@@PXYY(QS
M#CKHH(



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(PSSCGGA%
.
M.NB@0TXXX*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYY92##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKGG%

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N644PXZZ)QS
M3CGGE%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKBE&
..NB

PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEG'
..NB44\XYXYQS
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGGA!/...:@@PXZZ*#
MCCGCH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@4TXYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY(2##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZY*`SSCCGH(



.




$\XXXYP3
M3CGEC'
..NB@8\XXXYASSCCDC%


TXYY9B##CKHH(
..NB$`\XXXGQS#CKHG(

PXZZ)!#
M#CKHH(/...2

..NB@8PXYYIA3SCCGG$/...B@
\XXZ*`S



M4PXZXXQ33CG==%



..NB@


M??


WCAPZ=.C0


W[APZ=.C







MSCCF@`...-Z($\XYXY13#CKHG'/..-V

XXYYIAC3CGCG'
..NB88\XXV)AC



..NB
`PXXXX2#

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ(S#S3;FH(
..NB$0PXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHA!....&(
M
\XXV)033CC;C$/..-B
`\XWW'P3#CC?C#/...!\\XTWX(`S#C;8G(
..NB$
M\\TWX&`S#CKHH$-.-]V4PTTXXGS##3C?=(
..NB``XXXXGP3SCCC@+

\PTXXXR##CKB
MC`/..-]\`\XXVW#CC3CHH(/.-^.
$\XXX'PSSC?@A,.-N.,\PTXX'PS3C?8
M8.,--^.,`XXYZ*#CC?CB#-..-UT0PXVXXS#S3?AA-
-..&$XTTYW713#CKH
MH/--.-Y\
PXXX803CC?EE/

M?
/--]UT`Q!TZ

F+IRW


M;^'`A0/7;5RW;MW(H4
7#IRX




M$TXWX(0#SCC?C#

0XXWXGP##C;C?/


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MB(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYV##3;8F(

-..!@@PXZZ*!CSC?@



\XXY(P##CCA;%

..NB
0\XX
MXXR##CKHH(

8\XWX&##CKHH%,.-]QT,PXXY9CS33C88&,.0-A0S=N

M&SITV



..NB@`TXYX(!3#CC88//--^64@\XWYI0SSCC?
M@%
..-A@@\XWWGR#S3?FE`
.-N:4
\XXWX!3SC?HH%/.-^B@@PTXY92##CK8
M8(
...64`\XXXXP#SC;FG(...-A@@XTWX'R##C;88(
.-N!\`PXVX'P#SCCC
MD/.-.=A@@PTXX'P#3CG@?&/.-^B@@\XXXXR##C;@F%/.-]B84PXZX)`SSCCD

M@//--]^$$\XXY(PS3C?@C#
.-]YPL\TXWGSC#3;@E&/....@@PXZZ*#_PXZ
MYYAC3CCA8(,-.N!@@\TWX&##3KH8(/-...``PXVY:##CKH8(,-.N
0\XX
MXXPS3C?@C#
..N9\`PXZV'SCS3?8?`-..=A\`\XWX7C3C3CHH'/.-M]L\XTW
MX)0##CC8H(
..M^8
PXYXX##3;E@#/..-V`,\XXWZ##CKH8(
..N,@PTV
MXZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHF-....@@PXZXH2##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..N=@@PTVV)B##3;AB----]R
0__..-AX\XTWV(!3CCGCC#/.




M*V?N6SALV





MC3/..-MP4XXYV(##CK88`/.-^8@PXZZ&!33CG@E(
--MN`$PXXZ*!##C?;
M=#

..-]@8XXYYGS#S3GGC#
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH./--]Y@\XTYY:##CC?


TXW
MW8`SSCCCF/
-.NB@\TTYWWCS#3;@?&
.-N!\`TXXW70S#CKHH(/-...04PXX

`PXW
MYYR#CCC88(.--^`@PXVV&##C;@?`
.-N!\`\XXXXP#3CG88(
-.-^``TXY
MX(!3#CCHH(/....
@PXVWY1C#CC8E&
..M^

\XXX_^
0\XXYGP##C;CD#/.
M...


...6``XXWX(03SCCCC#-.



MY
!UZU:.V[AQV


!Y^P;.&[AQ



..NA\LPTWX)3S#3C??`/.-^B@4TXWW70SSC???$-.-]V`$PXX
MX'A#SCCC@%
.-MB`4PXVV)3S33CB?//-..-TP\TXXW33S?\XXW0S#CC@A`/.

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@\\TWX&`SCC??G(....-X`TXYY7Q#3C?=@$,.
M.NB(`\XWWH#C33?=D-,-..0T\TWX(`SSCCCD#..-]U\\\TVW'3S#3KHH`-.

-.-Y\(PXZZ*#C3G==-,-.=A@@PXZZ*`CSC??@&/.
M-^20TPTXY)#SCC==



MW#ETZ



MYIQS#CKHE%


6<@PXZYIASSCGGG'/.

.

..NB@4XXYYYASCCGGG(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#


JA
M
<<PXZZ*#SCGEF'-..=]X@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCG_Y:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N6,,XXYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB0@\XYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEG(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


..NB@8XXYYJ#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXYY*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
MCCGFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)1SSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.7.H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT)4S9PX=
MNG+ES*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HRIU#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCC_YR##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@8XXYY:##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGEF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

MG(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGHH(


0=.C0H4.'



M#ATZ=.C0H4-WKAPZ=.C0E3-GSAPZ=.C0B4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'



MAPX=.G3@PI5#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHA,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N:8
M8PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N*@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*`3CCCEG(

..N:8
M4TXYY*##O\ZZ*##CKHH$



MC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

@PXZZ*!##CGC
MG(


..NB@0PXZZ(B##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCCC
MG(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CSC?@G(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYY9PSSCGHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGCC'/...B@@\XX
MYYR##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

29
T=NW+ESZ--$P=N7#APX\Z%
M$U=NW+ESZ-9
S?.W+ESX\B9





.-N.
M8XXYXXQCCCGCC/]C#CKHH&

@TXYXXR##CKHH#/...*$8\XXYI@#CCCD
MD$


TXXXXR#3CGC
MC'

..N)\X\TYXY13CCGD
MF&
.44XXYXYAC#CKH
MG'/...:88PXYYJ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZYXPSCCGEC#





..-^(4\XYZ(Q3CCGFD&-.


Z-&U?.'#ERX\R9
V?.'#IT
MZ

Q]\R;NF[AR


7#MPX=.C0?3-7CENX


C0H1OWS5NX;N^@5,..NB@\TTXXGP33C?=
MD----]V0@PXZZ'PS3C?=E!/.-MQ\`PXYXWC3#3GDH$-...%X(\XVW(SSS3?@
MC,.--]]TLXTXX82##CKHB`/...-X`PXYXWS#C3CBE(,..NB,\PTWVX`C3C?=
MC`/...-P\TTWW7#CC3CA8-.-]V`

MXXA3#CKHH//-.-UX

..NB@XXTXW70S3C?GF(...=MP(TXW

....

..-MP\TTXWGPSSCC@?`..-^!\`\XX
MV&!S#CKHG(
-.=YX$XXXZ*#CCC@@#..-^`

MX'QCSC;?=-
--^&``PXVXZ##CKC?`....!\X\TXX)AC#CKHD#/.-]Q\`TXX
MW7P#SCC8H',..NA@@XTWY'3333C@B#/.-N*,,PXZ_^AX\\TXW8PSSC?FH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N:$$TXWXVS#33C@=-/-
M.-B@@PXZY8`3SC;D?`



9Q^P:N&SITZ
:!V\;M



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

\\TWX(S#_XTWWW3#33CB@(
.


M..)@$TXWW8`S#C?;?!
.-MB
PXTWWX1S#CKFE`/.-N*
0PXZZ*`#CCC==#
.

PXWWG@C#CKHH..-.-UT

..NB@

.-]YTXPTWX8#S
M#3;CH(
..N*`\XTXX'SSS3C@F&
..NB


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZWH@#D''CO(4+)PX;.G38P(4+





M&\=M&SC?;

PXXXX#S33C=C#-..-N

PXXXWSSC3C@;

-.-V@@PXZ
MWH033C?B?.

-...`\PTXY:#SCC=_X@SSCCCC$/.
M.-^(,\XXWX`#SCCHH(,.-N%TTPTXXWSS33CB8(/-.-Q\XXTXWX3333?FH..
M..1@
XXXWV`#SC?F?(
..NA\$TXXWHS333?=D(
..NB
L\TVXX##CK8H(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.

M...0TPTXWY#3S3?@C`

`\XXX_]T`\XXXX!CSC?@8(
..NB@0\XXXYCS



PXXX'@#
M#CGEH'
.-]M\L\TWWHPS#CGCD-/--^,\XTYY8##CKHC#/...2
0\XXY'P3
M#C?;E(
..NAX\PTVV&#SC?@C#/...-T`\XXXW0#SCCC8&/.-^

TXWW8`S
M#C;8H(

..NB@@PTZWX`SSCCCC#-.-^`,PXZZ*`#
M3CG88(,...68@\XYX8##S3CCC-.-]MP
PXYY93S#3KHH(/.-^.0



:-(S>.7#=PX\:A0X
/-
M-^&`@PXZWX#S33CHH(



.


M#C;F?`/...2


--^)@`\XWYGR#

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKD?----^-TTTW_-]]L4TXYW9#333?@C----]N,@PXZZ'Q3CCG@E/,-..B@
M0TXYW8PSSCCCC`/.-]]T4PXYZ*#CS3??8`/.-]]L0\XXXYC3#3C@?-,-.-]\
M\\TXXXP#SCCC=`..-]]\4\XWX'@3#CKHH#-.-]UT4TXXXH2##CKHH..-]]\
M4PXXWY#3#3C?D(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`3CC??@----]V0\XTWWV#SC3GE@%-.-]V0
PXZZ(@3
M#CKHH%-.-]UT

-.NB@(\XWWG`SSCCCF-
-..*
@PXZV&`#
M#CG?@---.-Y\\\TWWGSSS3?88%
..N64`PXVZ*##3KHH%-.-^.,,\XXXXS3
M#3CBC(,..MA@@\XXXXSSC3?BA/.-]A@XPTXW73S#3C?@(
..M^`4PXXY)#S
MC3?88/
-.=UT`PXXX'SS#3CCC(
..NB@@TXYV&!SCC?CB&
...64`XXWX(#S
M#3;GG/

..NB4
M4PXXY'3333?C?.

M
\XXY7SS3???.,-.-^@@PXZX)13CC??A
...6@@PXZXGCSS3;CC#/....(

M_X
..N1\TTTWY7SCS3?BH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MG(




M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
:@





..NB84\XYYZ!S#CKG?.--.?_HH(


B@@PXZYYACCCGHH(
..NB4


M@PXZYYB##CKHG(


MH(

MG&



..N64@XXYYIB#3CGGG(

<<\XYYYQSCCGGG(
<<TXY
MYYR#3CGGF(


..NB@@PXZ


MYYASSCGGF'
.0-!Y^T8.'3ITZ
ZA
V?NW+ESY\RA*V?N'#ITZ

MY\:)

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKE

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB00PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB0@PXZZ*##CKHH(




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H3LW;MPX=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\Z
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


MY)133CGDH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB,,\XYZ*##CGHB,..NB44\XY
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9ACCCGEE%


.
M.N:

\XXXXQ33CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)0SSCCEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE(,.
M.NB(@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!#3CGFC-...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



M._^'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.?.E3LW;APZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*`CSCCCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB0,\XYYXR#SCGFC(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGEE$,..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCGGH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CSCCCH(
..NB0

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


.-N-@@\TXYH0CCCGCD%

MY


MX\9A(V?.'+EQYLR9



..N:

\XY

.



8XXYYY#333?FH(
..N.4

\XXXY@SSCCFH%-.
M.=V4X\TWXYQ33CGCG$

..N2
8XXYXZ!CCCGCG%
.

XXXX(P#3CCCH(
..N*`

.


TXTY_^6@@\XXXY1C#CGDC(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


ZA0S=N
M7+EOXL25.S=N7#ESY
B9*S=N7#ESXXQS#CKHH/--..!\(TXYZ*`S#CGHH(
.
M.MZ

.-N-@@\TXYJ!SSCCFH(
.


\XYV(Q##C;CF&/....88XXYYJ##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..MZ$(PXXYI!#




..N6
,TTTWY:#





M`\XXXYACCCGFH#-...&

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N.
XTTXW73#C3?BB(/-.-MP
\XWW&P#

..-]X$PXWWX!3
M#CC88(

MSC?AB`/.-N!\TPTZZ*#CC3C?@!-.-^.

-.=Z$
M$\XWVX@3#CC8C#
.-N-LP\TXY'P##CCDH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MC3GFH(
..-^88PXWW'@##O\XWYCS#3;8F(
.-MB`\PTXX)2##CKH8(
.-MB@



0\XXY(PSSCCDE`
.-MB@
M@PTXWY2##CKCD#...=A@TPTXXXR##3K88//--]A@`\XXXY!C#C;AA(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CK88(/....,,PXYW70#SCCHH(,..-Y\,\XXY(P#CCGCC#,.-]MP
M4PXVX(##C;88`/.-^2


.--^`4PXXV&##CKEE`-..=A@
M`P[_.MA@`TXYZ*#SC?FE(/.-^68\\TWW73#S3CDC#/...:4@PTWWX`3#CKH
MH/.-.=^`4PXXV&#C#3CED(...=Z@@\XYY(PS#C;8@`/.-^.0,PXYXX`##CKH
MH(,.-NA@@PTZV&##3C?G&
..N6``\XXXX`#SCCCF%
.-N48\XWV*##C;H
M8(/-..-PLPTWZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

\XX




'KARX




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N5P
MTTTWX'3CS3??@&...=B4`\XWW7SS#3C??+
--^1T\PTXW'SSC3?HH#
..=UT
M0\XXWG3_\PTXWH2##CKHE----]B4`\XWY'0#SC?DH(-...)XX\TXXXR#33CB


\XXXW3C#3C?D-
-.NB@@PXYY'0#3C?=




-.MB($\XW
MWIQS#CKF?`/...1\`\XXW733#3G@E%
..-Z$$PXVZ&##3GCA
.0


W


&[ALV=.C082L'


M[ANX;M_&B4/_=PX;-G/;E%

M8(/--]]\`XXWW9`SSCC8A..-]]\`XXWV)1C#CKD=----^2,,\XXXZ#3CG=

.-N48XXXX:##CKC=----^5TTTTWXWP#3C??
MD$
..-V$$\XXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY6S333?@=/.--^!\4TXY

\XXW70SSCC==`/.-]^`@PXZ
MZ)3333?8E`




MXGCC#3C@E(
@`/.-^4@TTYY8#C#3C?@/--.?_F@%-.-]V4@\XYYV!3#C?;E/--

PXYXXPS3C?==$/.-]Y\@XTXXGQS#CKCD----^.
TPTXXHR##3K88/
-




&#APX=.?.
!\(PXXWGSSS3?8
M8%

..N=@@TTY
MW)1##C;@E&
...B44PXWWH@3SC??@`

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



J=

MZ
ZA*V?.W#ETZ
RA
V?N'#ITZ
RA

R=.W?NW+ESY\RA.W?.W#ET
MZ





MYZ!SCCGFH'




.




M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYXPSSCCHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CGDH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)!S#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

B!


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYY1##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ)ACCCGFF&/...B@@TXYYIB#
M#CKHG#/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFA(,..NB@4PXYY:!SSCGCH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKEC$/...204TXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB,0\XXYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY9R#
M#CKGC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZXYR#
M#CKHE%


..NB0
M$PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXYX8`S
MSCCEE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKDD!,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHB!
..NB@@XXYYIACCCGHH(

MSCCGH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@XXYXYA3SCCFE%
..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGGH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE%,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
B@
M@PXZZ*##CKGC#/...B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N6<@PXZYXR##CKHH(,..O_H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKCG(,..NB44TXYZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@0PXZZ(B##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#3CGCC'
.-N.



..N240\XYZ*!SSCCDE(/...64

..N2


...*44PXZXY!##CKH
MG'..-^-\`\XWY(@3CCGCG'


\XYY9!#3CGF
MD$/...B44\XXY73333GHH(

..NB00PXZY)1##CGE



\XX



G1MG


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH%..-^&`(PXVY933S3C@?/.-..2
PXTWXHB#SCG88%/.-M]X(\XV
MX'S3#3KHH/
-.-UT
XXWX(`3SCGHH%-..-QL`TXXXHSCS3CCC/--..)@@XTX
MW8`#SCC8A-.-^

\XWX80C3C?C8(/-..!PL\TXWXPSSCC?@!...-B

PXW












..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`SSCCFE`
.
M-N68\XTYWX##3KCC-,-...,@PXZV&!#3C??@#/.-N``PXZZ*#SC3G?@(
.





\XX
MYGP##C;HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N6,,TXY
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@

..NB@8\XYXZ!SSCGEH(/.

..NB@4\XXY(QS#CKHH(
.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0TXYY`$



.-MB(TPTV
MV'0#SCCCH(

MVW#S#3C@?(/...2
8PXVX'PSSCC@@#-.-^!\0\XWW&QS#CKBC-
--^68P\TV
MXXC3#3?CC#
.-M]X\PTVXY`SCCG88(

.-NA@@PTVX(#SS3GHD$..-]Y@@\TYVWCSS3?8H(/.
M-^:@@PXZV*#SC??=-,--^.,,PXXWX#S33GHC#/...6`\PTVZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYHQ#3CGHH(
.
M.N2@@\XYXYAC#CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZY8PS3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

\XXYIA3
M3CGGE(


..NB88XXYZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$/....
@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)D#






..N*(XPTWY903CCCBC.
--^.0
PXVWGSS
M#3;CC----^64\XTWX(`#SC;FF(

-.=UT\\TXY(S3C3?@D$-.-^B@@PXZWH03

..NB@


..NB0

MS)TCUZU;.73HT'7KA@Z=N7'8L)T;YZT;N7'=NHT3=P[=.'/FS)$;AP[=N''F

MY\Z-
.W+ARZ-A\R;.G+EQY\J5(W<.';IRY



TXYY9!##CGCD#

8XXYY8QSSCG8C&-.

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





M.7/HT)U#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=




*%\T9N

:-@\TXXXSSC3CCC----]MP\\TXY)0S
M#CKHH(
..M]\\\TWX'SC#3?B=----]Q\\XTXZ*#SC?@=-/-.-Z`\XTXYZ#


TXWXYQS3CGCC#
.-N*`$\XWY7P#

..N)X
MXTTXV(@C#C??A!..-^.


..N1T
M
\XXX70S#CG@=%-..=MX@PTVW8QSSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XXY)R#SCGH
MC(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N.(
M@PTVWW@##CK88(
-.M^`
\XXWX!3#CC88(
...2
0\XXY(S#33?CC/
-.NB@

P\TWX82##CKFF#/.-MA@
M`PXXXY`SCCG88!/....0

-.-B@@PXXV)1CSCCC
MD#

..-B0TTTWX(R##CKF?%
..=QT
\XXWHPSSCC=

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=./&G4-W[MPX=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HS)DSAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@
M@PXZZ*#3CGDG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*SC3GE
M=&
..NB@@PTZZ&##CC?E(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH//--]Z

TXWW7`S#C;8
MA#
..-^$TPTWVY#SC3??A`/..-A@

M;#-.-^!\0PXZY)2S33?DC(
-.MA@@PTZX(!3#CKBC(
--M]X`PXZV&##3K@
M?$/...!\8\XWV&#SC?CC#/....
PTTWY(P##CKHH$-.-]]X4\XVW70S#CCE
MF//--]Y\@PTXY90S#CGCD+
-..&`@PXZYI@S#C?88`/.-__CC#...=A@$\XX
MY(PS#CK@?//--^.
X\TWZ*##CKHH(,..N

TXYV(#S#3C??.
-..-XXXTW
MZ*##CCE@/,-.MB`\XTYZ*#SC?EC#
.-MUPPTTYW&S#S3C@C#
.-]V

PXX

MW6#33?@C#,...B`$PXVXX#S#3;HE&,.-]^`\TTXW)!3#CKHH(/....84PXV
MX&##3K8B#-.-^*@@XXYW'CSS3?8H(
..-B48\XXXXPS#C;8H'...=QX`\XW
MV*#S#3C8C----^,@PXZY8!33CG_W'1#SCC?B#,..=V`,\XXX'!SSCGHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0G2MW[MPX=.C0D4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-7KMPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ

M=.C

M=.C0H4

M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HR)%#1PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..N.8@PXZZ*##CKEC#/...B@4PXYY:##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!33CGG
MH(

@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@0TXYZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@\\TWWW0#SCCCC(/-...(`XXW

M...



0



MXYACSCCGH(

..N.00XXY
MY(PS3CG=E%
..NB44\XXYX`#CC?@F&/...288PXYYI!#SCCGE%/...=@@\TX
MX)13SCGEG'/...:@@PXZZ(PS#CGHE#/...B

MY)@SSCCGG#/...:@

@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@<PXZZ*#3CGE_YQS#C;8G(
..NB@4\XYYYQ3SCGGH(-..=YX@PXZY9AS


M#CKGF(







MG2N'#ATZ=.?


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!33C?DE
--..&$@TTXWX`C#CKHH$-..-MP
T[_.-^`
TXWY92SS3?AB+
-

\XVWW@CSCGHH#..-^&$TTTWY7SC33CB8(/-
M..)@@\TWXW33#3G==-

M.-Z``TXXW'SS33CHH(


(\XXV'P#SC?;G(
.

-..B@
\XXWH3C
M33?;?!....B@
\XXX&SSC3?BG(

/--N*
TTTWY:!C




..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGEH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@\XYZ)R##CKHF&

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKFG',..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%-.-^64LXTXX(2#
M33C@?#,..NB@4TXXVW`S3CC?@#-.-^64L\TWX8BS#3C==(.-.-UT`\XXW&P#
M3C?88#,.-]Y\$\XYZ*`SSC?A@----^5X\PTXXF#S3CC8(
-..)TT\TXW733
M#3G?B!
...B@@\XWWX`#CCGHH(
.-N)PLPTXX733S3C=A!/..-B

\XXWX0C
M#CC;@/
--MR(


M7#ANW[IU0X=NG#APX


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$,..NB@4\XYYZ##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@
M

.-M]\`\XXXY1CSC?_Z*##CCC
MC#,..NB@@PXVZ'P##C;F8(,-.N0
PXVX8Q#SCCCF%
.-MQ\`\XWX6S##3GH
MH(



..NB

\XXX)1CSCCCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEG',..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB,,\XYZ*##CKHH(
,<XXYZ*##CKHH(
..N:
M
\XXZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZY*##CKEE(
..NB@@PXZZ(2#SCGHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHB(,..NB,8XXYY:##CKEE(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKBH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*!33CGGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB

M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@(PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@0TXXX:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGE'/_3CGE
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$,..NB@@PXZZ*##CGDH$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(








M0PXYX'S3S3G;;'

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


\XXX(Q33CGCG$

M@$




F3

'[ALZ

MG'

B<<XXY

..NB@@XXY
MYYACSCGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK@D#..-^0

(PXYW8@SCC?@B!
...)TTPTY


XXXV'@C3CC@A----^:@\XTW
MXGP#3CC=C----]V0@PXZXX@SSCC;=%-..=Z$$XXXV(PSCCC8C`-..-^
P\TV
MWW3333?EG
/--N*
@PXZXW@33O\XW7QC3CG@8#...-Q\8TXYX'`SCCCC?/
-
M..-PX\TWX71#SCC8H(
..MB0

F





MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(

MG(

..N.(8XXYZ)R#SCGGF(

:<@PXZZ&!3SCGGG(
..NB4_W







F3MPX;-[$A0





M??L63APV;.*Z@0
PC1O7_VV<MV_H
MSF&#S3C8?`-..-B((PXXX'SC#3?GH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZYIB##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(



W;ERW;N#&@?N&#MTX



-
M-N2



.

-..&@@PXZV)13#CCH8(
-.NA@@PTZV(#SC3G8E%
.

TTTWW(PS#CGE?#/.
M.-V`
\XXW'@SSCC8G!
..-R0@PXZXG3##3?E?&-..=B`@PXZV*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZYY1SCCGCH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ)1#3CGHH(,..N2@0PXYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB0
PXZZ*`S#CGDH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG%,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'

M-]^$\XTWWX@#3CGE@.
--MA\XPTWVY@#3CGE@.

-.=UT`XXWX(##CK@?/.-..B@,TXWW70S3C?==`,.
M-M^`XPTXY90#CC?==#/.../_C#-.-^`$PXWWWB##3KHH(
-.MY\`PXVXHSC


...64`\XXXXS3S3?CC#/....
@\XXXXP#

M#3C?H(


XXWX'SC
M#3?=_WP##CKH8(/-..2



MX\TWW92##CKB?+/--N:`4TXYX&SSC3?8H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N5T


M4PXYY)B##CKCE(
..N.`
PXYXY!SSCG8D/



Z=
MPS8.&[9QYL*)

B5&X?.G#ERY


R9




..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..N:8



..NB@



MH(




M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@4\XYZ*!S#CKG
MF%







PXXW70C#C?BC`/.-^2
M`PXXXXP33C?CC(/-.-A@\\TXW8PSSC?@C#....9PLXTXY80CSCCHC#-.-^)L

/-.-UT
MX\TXWH`#SCC=D%
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_H
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H3-G#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT)T[
M5PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HSHT;-PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HSJ%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%,...68`TXYV&###3CA@(/..=MPXPTVX'R#SCCC
MC(,...68,\XXXXP#3CG88#/...!\4PXVX'QCSCC88&/....,PTTWY(R##3K8
M8(,-.N

\XXXXPSSCCGA!
.-^6


M@`/.-^:

\XXZ(Q#SCC?F%

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHD(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*!S3C?DC/.-.=^`XPTXWX#SCG==//--]]X`\XXW73S#3G==-

`XXY
MV&`SSCC@?&
.-N20TTTWXXS3#3?C_Y#333?CC.--.-A@(\XWWXQ#SCCDC$
.
M..=\XTTWY(03#CGHD$
..-V`$\XWVX`##C;B?.
-.-]\XPTYW6S#S3CHC#/.
M..48\XWZ*#CC?A8(
-.MA\`XXWWWSC#3KG=-.--^!PLPTXV'P#3CGD=-/-
M-^1TTPTXXXQ#SC?F8(
-.=U\`\XXXY`SSCC=D#/.-NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

\XX
MZ)@SSCCDH(

\XX
MYY!#SCCFH#
..=V4
\XXY9A##CGFH(

0TXY
MW93CS3?CG(

...,X\TXXZ!CSCCCG(,._SKHH#/....@4XXXX8!CSCCD8!-.
M..`

XXYYH!3#CKHH(/....48\XXXYQ##CGDD(
.

.


.

.-N20(\XYXXQC#CKHH(/.
M..!\
TXYYYQ3CCGCD&
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH&-.-^.,`TXYX'SS
MS3?@?(/..=UT\\TWWW@#SCC==.,-.=UTT\TXXXP#3CG88#/...`4PXVY)#3
M33?CC-/--N.
N6S=PY+IU`S=NW#APY;!A(]<-
M'+AQX\:-(]=MW#ANZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-A0X<.'3ITZ-#_H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..MB
@PTVXYB##CKHG(
-
M-N28



..NB@(PXXWXSS


PXZZ)`S
:,@PTZZ*##CKHH(
..NAT
PXXYIC_
M0\XXZ)Q3SCCGG&/....

PXVY)`CSCGCD&




Z90U?NG#ETZ
R=
W?NW+ERZ
Z9
M
X?.G+ESY\Z=


R9
X?.W#ESY]=
M.W?.'#ITYMA0W?.W#ESZ


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK@@!/.-^.``\XVXXPS
M#C;C@/
--^-\XTTXW7P#SC;@=-
-.NB44TXWY6S#C3C@;
/--]V@@PXZYG33
M#3C@=-/-.-Z$\XTWW(0#SC?8C(
--N-L@PXZZ)R##3;C=#...-]@
\XXXW@3

..N5T4TXYW(0##CC;@----^B@


..N.`
MTTTWX7#CS3?C=#/..-Z`0\XXW92S#3?AA(

M$XXXVXSSC3?@C`
..-V
4\XVW(03#CKHH,...






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/....

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

ME`
..-B@@PTVZ&##CKHH(,--N9\@PXZV&`S#CGCD%...=]PX\TWW'@#SC?F
M?&-..=B`@PXZV*##CKE@%...=^8@PTVW'P33CCHH#/....@
XXXW7`SSCCC



M.G3HQHT;9^Z;N7+8MH$#%PX=.G3EN/]UZS9NG+ERV

M'+IQX\9A

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



-.-B@
M@\XYV)AS#C;D=-
-..%\\\TWWWSCC3CHH(-..=R88PXVYWSC#3C?8(
-.N%\
M\\TWYJ##CK8@//--^48TXXX'CS#3K=D$
...5PLTTWX'CSS3?@;
.--]B`
M$\XXZ*##CKHH(/.-N!T0\XXWG0SSCC=@!...-Z`,\XXY&!33CG@B./-_S?B
MH(,..N-TLPTWXW3333?@?/,-.-^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



M_W-.-^.
\XTYX'SC#3C?@(

T\TXX'Q3#CCH

\XXXY`SSCC@?/

..=UTT\TXW'33#3C;?.
--N04TXWXXQ#3C?=
MD$,.-NA@@XTWX&##3CEH(


..MB``XXW

-.-]PL\TWV(03SCCHH(
..NB@@\XV

--^-TTTTW
MX'@##CC@H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



<<\XYYIR#SCGHH'-...`\PTZZ*#SCGGG'



.

6<
\XXX9B##CKGE'/.

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#SCCCC'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N20@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*#SCCFG(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N.,8PXYZ*#CCGFF(
..NB@
M@PXZYYPS#CKHG%
..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CKCC'



M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB


ME'
.0




M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#

Z-&]=MW+AQYL2!`V=N'#ERY\:5(X?.G#ESYLR5



9U
M

M&S?.'#ITZ+R)\PTXXI2##CKCD(

M#CKCD(
..O_H@!...-V80PXYZ)`#SC?FC$
..NB

PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


MTPTWWX@S#CKEA!..-^)LPPTXXY`S#C;HG'..-^-@@PTXY733#3C@?`..-]R


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#AP[_

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK8H(

M?.
-...

PXVZ)A3SC?H8(



MWHR##3;H8(


PXY





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK??.,--MY\`PXVY733
MS3C=?`,.-^!\XPTZZ'SCS3CAC
....

PXVZ)QSSC;?8(
-..6``\XXXX@3
MCC??C#/...B@`PXXWG1SSCG=D(
..NB0TTTWX'SSS3?AC./--]B

PXYXXSS



.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@


MW+ESY]A0W?.G+ESYM=

G3MW#MLY=.C0H3-G



G4.'
MSAPZ=.C0E3MG#MTY=.C
E4.'#ITY=.C0F4.'KMPY=.C
F3MWKMPY=.C
E4.'

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@8XXYYJ##CKHH(
..N:8@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#

..NB@

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4\XYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGF
MH(,..NB@@PXZYIB##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGCH(,..NB@4TXYYY!##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*`SCCGE
MH(,..NB,8PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYYQ3#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(






..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APZ=-W#?Q*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH?]#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@0PXWW&S##3KGG(
..N*
LPTWXHS3#3GHH-


MXG33#3G=D$

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$/.
M-MMPL\TYZ)R##CKCB,/--N.(TPTYZ*#3#3GHH-,-.=UT0PXVY9B#C3G88/.-
M..&((TXXX(#33G88$-.-^20TPTYWGSCC3C==$....%TTPTYW9!##C;F8(
-
M..&@@XXXW733#3K=D$
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..N@`
M!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M4PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..N.


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CGDH(,..NB44PXZZ*#SCGGC$
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#CCGFF(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
--MA@@PTVV&##3;88(,--MA@@PTVV&##3;8
M8(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..MN

TXWYJ#3CC8H(,..=B4
M8PXZZ*##CKHH(


.<0PXYXYCSC3?B
MG(,..N(0PXYYY!3CCGFD#
..NB4


MH..-..&40\XYYY!CCCGFD%

4PXYY(Q3#CKG
MC&
..NB
4\XWX)PS3CGEC#



8TXYY:!3SCCC


MW#ERY




..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(

TTTWYJ#S#3CEH`/.-^5T\\TW


MZR9N7#=LY


..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKH
MH(
..NB@8XXYYJ##CKHD',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MX'CSC3?GH(
..MC_H(
..M^84PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZX)1CSCG8?`/.
M-N(

MH(
..NA\`TXXWHPS#CC?A!..-^5TTPTXX'33S3C?@!-.-]V44\XWWXPS3C?C
M?.
-...@@XXXX7A33CG=E(
..N9T
XXXW6!33CG8E

--]^$@PTVXZ##CKH
ME----^5L(XXXX&P#SC?=H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.



-.N.




..MA@@PXZV(S_TTTWWXR##3;HH(
..NB4`\XWYGQC3CG8;`
.
M..@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H?]#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*'[YNU;-W#CQI'#

-.-]TTPTY
MY'SS#3;8?%
...24TTTWX(#CS3CCB(
..MA@@PXZWX!3CCC?@//-...
`TXY
MV&!#3C?==#-.-^.



M-^.

PXZZ*`CSC??@%

.-N6``XXWX'CS#3C?@//-
M-]B44PXZX)1C#CCEB!
..-Z

\XXX)13#C;HH(...-]LPTTYZ(@SSC??8(
-

M#CK8F----^,@PTVZ(!3#CGHG----^.`4TXYX'@#SC?@H(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MSCGGG'

..NB@@TXYYYB#

..NB@8XXYYYB#



..N:@

M8PXZYZ!S#CKGH(

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@




M@PXZZ*!CSCGGF'



MH(



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..N2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(,..N644PXYZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#O\YZ*##CKHH(
..NB`$TXYZ*##CGEH',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M8XXYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ(@SSCCHH(,..NB@,PXYXY##CKHH(

..NB@@TXYY8QC#CKH
MH(
..NB@@TXYY9R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!S3CGED(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..=A@4PXZZ*#3#3CHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@4TXXW70S#CCBB%
..N.00PXZZ*#CCCAA/...!\

TXYV(Q##CKH
MF&




MC#
..N2





MH(

MH(

..NB@@\XXXYR##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!CCCGFC'
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@\XYY92##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@(PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#3CG@?(,...$T\TXW733#3GHH(


..N*$$XXWW7P#SCGHH(
.-MZ($PXV


TXXX8R##CGEC(

MWHAS#CKHF$/....@4\XXY)R#S3CCB'/...288\XXXYB##CKHB#/.-MR8@TXY


..-^`@\XXY)!C#CGDC%-.-]V0@PXZ

8\XYYXQ3#CKHC$


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$..
M-]]X4PXZZ*!3#CCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@TXYX(##CCAA-/-

..NB

\XWWXPSSC?@B!
.-N.@@PXZY(03#C?CC#
.


..NB@@PXZ



\XX
MY9Q##CGCG(



/--N-P8XXYXY!C#CGDF(..

...&


.
M.NB@(TXXX8@S#CC?@(/....08PXYY(Q33C?=E(
..NA@
XXYY91#SCGGC%
.
M.N?_C%
..NB


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


.
M.NB@
PXYY9B#S3?HH(
..MY\XPTVWX!#SCCHH(/....04PXVVW#3S3C@?(
.
M-N:8`\XVYZ#3CG@H(,.-N48PXZZ(PSSCCCC$/...1TTPTXXZ##CKAE%,.
M.N1PP\TWX6##3K8@`...=B`\PTXX)A3#CKHH(
..N6``PXVZ(`3#C?DH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB
\\TWX(SS#3CAB(/-_SCC@/.-...



.

.-N64T\TXXXS333?DD(
-
M.MA@@PXZY93_TTTWXXP#3CG@@+/--]A@@PXZY90#SCCCC`
..=UTT\TWWWC3
M33G==%


.-N!\

M33C@E%
..NB44TXWXXPSSCCC=-

-..!@@PTZV(@C

..NB@_X
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..M]\X\TXX)13#CCEC$/..-QL
MP\TXXX#S#3K88(






'#APZ=.C084

'
M+EPW;MBPE4





M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

M#CKHH(


M#CKHG&
..NB@@XXYY9QSSCGHG&
<8PXZZ)PC
MCCCCH(,..NB,$XXYYJ!CCCGGG',..NB<8PXZZ*#CCGFG'

M@XXYY9Q3#CKHH(


B<

:<



M8PXZYIASSCGGG(

MH'

MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

!Y$^?-&SARW;IU

9UXS9N7+=OX\2A0R=NG#=PYLJ!\_;-&[=RW;J5



/(C1O7K5LW<MZX;0

M@4.'[MRY;N.`\XTYWWSCS3??H(
..N1TT\TWXX#S#3;D=-
-...
0\XXXW33
MS3CHH(

M
\XXWY#S#3C=F(
..N)\LPTWY7QC3CG@;/.--]B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*!SCCGHF(

M@PXZYZ!SSCGEH(
:@



V?NW+ES




MV

.-N1TTPTXXXPSSCCD=-/-..B@@PXVX'CS#3CE


/--N:`4TXYX'#CS3?8H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCGGH(
..NB88PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ



MA&




:@@PXZZ)1SCCGHF(,..N:<8XXY
MYJ##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)ACCCGHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4TXYYZ##CKHH$



M
N7+ERZ-A0S?NW#ETY<J5


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKB
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHC'

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=NG+C



MY



MY9!##CGEC#/...&

PXZZ)133C?E?./-..B88\XXYZ##CK?B-....

XXX


MXW033CCE8#


\XXY8R#SCGHE
/--N:4
\XX
MYY!33CGHH#

M-]^

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)!CCCGFE'-.

..NB



M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY)1S#CKHH(
B@@\XYV&!#_\XWYIB#3CG88#

M..6@@PXZZ)!3SC;CC$


\XXY7133CGHD$



\XXXZ!#
M#CGCF$

0\XXYXQ#
M#CGHH(

..NB
$\XXXY1S
M3CGEG(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ(QS#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`
M!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'[EPY=.C0H4-G[MPX=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-'KMPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4-7
MKMPY=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ_W3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@8\XVWW@C
M3C?CC(
-..64`PXYXYSS3C==(.-.-UT`\XXW&P#3C?88#,.-]Y\$\XYZ*#
MSCG88%
..-UT\TTYV&`S#C;HH(/--^*(\\TWVX03#CCBH(
..NB44TXWY(PS


..N.0

WCMRX;N3*



M=2





W;MRX;N70




\XXYY0SSCCGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#-.-^`,PXXZ*##3CEF//-...
M`PXZV&#C3G?@#/..-QL`TXXV&##C;@?&
..NB@@PXZV&!3#CCBC.
-.MA@
M@PXVZ*##3CEE(,-.-^00XXWWZ##CKHE&/.-^.

M8(


-..&@@XXYWJ#SCGD
MC#,..-B`\PTXWYA3#CCCC$,..NB`4XXYX)#SC3??8`/.-^$TTTWXJ##CKH
MH(,..NB`4XXYZ&##CK88`


C0E0.'#AVV;]Z^8?MFKARV<N^??.&#1LV
M=.^8?


M`PXXW8SSC3?AB(
--N-P\PTXW:!SSCG=B
/--MZ
4TXYWHPSSCCA;#/..-V

XXXY:##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!C3C??@!..-]^`@XTXWWB#S3CDC+/--^*

M?/
-.-A@@PXVXHSC#3GBC/^##CK88&/.-]]X

-..68$\XW






W;ARY;]W.G4



&
MKIPY;.:^@?

M\XTWX'CS#3;EH(/..-UTTTTYW9!##CKHC$/..-V0
PXZYG3333?D?`


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK8H(/....84PXX_]B@@PXVV*##CCC
MC#

M=./--]^@@PXZXXQC3CG@8(
..MA@\PTXWYQC3CG?H(

M;`
...@8TXYWZ##3;?H#/....@
XXXW7`SSCC@;`
....
8TXYV'QC3CG?
MA+
--^2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


:-

M=-/-.-A@@PXVYYR#S3GHH'



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..MB@@\XXXY1CSC?8H(
.-MB@@PXXXY`S#CCF8(
-..A@@PTX

-.N:`\PTZV(#SC3GHH(/.-^6
0PXVWWR##3;EH(
--NA\
PXY
MXWQC3CG88`
..-^0XXTWWJ!3CCG?H(
--MQX`PXXXG3SC3?@H(
..N.
4XXY


\XXX(PS#CGE@(
--N5P\PTXX:!3CCG@H(
-

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.





MF'

MXH#C#3KGE'


MYZ!S#CKHE'





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKA?.
-

-.=V`0PXYW8`C3CC@?#/....`4TXYV(CCC3??_X`#
M#CC?H%...=M\`TXXW7@#SC?@?`-..-V




M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..N2@@PXZ
MZ*!SSCGEH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ)R##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#SCGGH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@XXYYHQ3#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M_SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYIAC#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3SCCFF(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE(,..NB@@PXZZ)1S#CKCG(,..NB@@PXZZ*#


MCCCHH(
..NB0@TXXXJ##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYXY!CSCCCE',..NB@@PXZZ*!S
M3CGDG
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@
M@XXYYIB##CKHH(

..NB@@\XYY9!SSCCHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZYY2##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZY8QSSCGHH(
..NB@
M@PXZY9R##CKHH(



0=.C0H2MW[APZ=.7*G1.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AVZ

F4.'#ATZ=.C0H2-GSIPY

M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ



:8@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(

..NB@@_\..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
:@,PXXX(R#CCCB@&/....4
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MTPTYVX@CSC?8C#/..=N((\XXZ(Q#SCC8C#
.-]Z
\XW_-]B

--N)T`PXXXV`CCCC;@#

MH(
..NB@@PTVX(3333?@@....

\XXXY#SS3?A@(
--N-\`\XWXWPCSC?@
MH%
.-]N

PXXX(#C#3?;C!/._S?@C(.....`\TTXX7A3#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@8\XWX(!3#CCEE(/.-^:4`TXYWX#C3?@
M?%,..N&`4PXZY)3#S3?AA(,-.MA@\XTYV&#S#3CCD#,..NB@XPTWWGRS33G?
M@(,-.MA@@PXVZ*##C;H8(

..N5\`PXXV'SC#3CC
MC#/....`\PTZZ(`3SC;EH(


--M^84PXZ
MZ'P#3CG8H(

--]Z0
\XXY(S333?@C/

MX(1#3CG8G(
--NB`@PTVY7SSC3?@C/.--]^(TTTWXZ`#SC?FC#/..-^@@PXZ
MY8##3;E@#/...-@@PXZX&`SSCCC;`/.-]Q\@PXZV*##CKHH(
--N4`\XW
MV)B##CK@C/\S#CGCC#/...6`@PTVXXPSSCCDC%,..-^@4PXXWZ##3;8H(
-

@PXZZ'QCSC?@8%/...2


PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH%

.-NB@@PXV

M-]B@@PXVZ*##C;H?`,.-N6@@PXZWGSC#3;?F%,..NB``TXYV*##C;8@/
-

X\TWWHS333?BH/
-..60
\XXX*##CKE@(,--N6`,\XXY&#
M#CK@8#


PY`QHTC


MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CC@?%/_
M#CCFE(...-]X`XXYWWQ#3C?@@$
..N:8TPTXWX#C#3C@?(
-.MA@(\XWWX#C
MS3?CD#
..NB@


-.-V
0\XXW733#3G8H(
.-NB@@TXXX'SC
M#3CEH(

0\XX`
&&_PX=MG/8S)W#5JY;MV[@






..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3FS*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZY)##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXYZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHF&,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKD
MD(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH'/....@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ


M_^C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB(,\XXYZ##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG#/...B@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ(PS#CGH8/
-..6@@PXZ
MXY!CCCGDE$

8XXY




..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..=UT0\XXWW0C3O\XW(SS
MC3?A=/
-.-Z(\XTWWXSCS3???+
--^!XP\TVW(1#SCCHH(
..N.`
XXXWXS3


MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=





.
M.=^

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`
M!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#



..N=LPXTWX&##3K@8(.-
M-^0
__...2

\XWYH#S#3?FH(

M#3;H8(

..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`,0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH$-.-]UT
PXVX(!3
M#CKDD-/--^.


M
TXWW8PS#CCD?`-.-^1XXPTZYW33S3???`..-]R00TXWWXPSSCCCC$-.-^-\

.-N=X
M\\TWX'P#CC?@=-

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4/_APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(



MD$
B@@PXZY:!SCCGH
MH(
..NB48\XYZ)ACSCGHG'

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ

M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H8
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



<<\XY


PXX




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M_SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N@`!!TZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APY=.''A



XXYYI!#SCCHE&/..-N$$PXXX(PS

\XYYHQ#SCGHH(
..N5X\XTXW)QS#CGCH#/...6@@PXZYV`S


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@

/-..:

TXYYI!#CCGDC#

./-.-N<@PXYXZ`SSCCEH(
..N=@
\XXY8S333?DH(
..NB(
M
PXYY9ACCCGDC'/..=B
8XXYYXQCCCGDD(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=/_HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXYX913SCCF=-


M@/

MB!/.-]MT

-.-YP0PXY

..-R
@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG#/...6@0PXYX9`#SC?EH(
..NB@@PXZ


..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!##CKGE',..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGG
ME$,..NB(@PXZZ*##CKHH(

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(-...604PXV


-..B@@PXWYYQSSCCCF%








MF'
..N.4@PTVXY0SSCCH8/
-..:@@PXZYHQCCCGFD#

@PTV
MXYB##CKHG#

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(




\XY
MYHPS#C;HH(
..N6



PXYXYQS#CGCF&/...B88\XX
MYY!#SCCF?..-..:44PXZZ*##CKHC#,...

PXVXYACSCGCF%
..NB@@XXW



TXY



--N.8@PXZZ)PSSCCFF$
.

-..:



..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@0XXWWWA3#CKHH(-...20@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*!3#CCHH%
.
M.-A@4PXVY93SS3?BC#/.-M]X$PXZZ*!33C?CC#/....
/.-
M.-V

PXVX)13#CCCC#
.-^)TTPTVXG33#3CC;
/--]U@@\TXVWSCC3C_Y8PS
M#CKHH(

..NB84PXWX833

P\TVX(C3
M33?EH(
..NB@\PTXY:##3;HH(,..NA\,\XXW8P##CCFH(,..MZ(\PTXWG#S
MS3?C=----^-X,XXXX(3SC3?C@----^)L@PXZ_^B@\XTWXXSSC3?AB(,--N-L
M`\XWX70SSCC==#..-]Z,LXTXX8!#SC??@//--MR$`\XVW(A3#CKHG+/-..)T
M$PXYY8#S3CC8#
.-]M\
TXWW9`SSCCDC-

MR*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




.
M.NB@8XXYYIQSSCGGG&

..NB8@PXZZ*!3SCGGH%/_


@PXZZ)Q3


M#CKFF%
..NB@4\XYYIR##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH#
..-MP(PXZZ*`C
M3CCHH(

M

--N!\`\XXXXPSSCC@H(
..NB`
M\TTYV)A3#CC?F%

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#SCGFH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZWX!3#C?CC(,-...,@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M33C??.--.=ULP\TXW9`S#CKHB/.-^48\XWY'33S3?DH(
._SKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(





MO(7KYNW;-VS@?%
..NB@XPTXV&`S#CGCC#....&(@PXZZ*`3SC?AA-.--^`
M@PTXWGSS33G@@(,-.MA@`XXWW&QCCC?HH(/..=MP(PXZV&##CKHH(-...`
M\\TXXXR##CKHH/.-]^`XXTWWWQ#3C?@@#-.-]Y\0TXWW70SSCC@@%
.-NB@
M@PXZX8CS#3C==-
-.=A@@PXVX'QC#CCDD/_3#3CC=-.--^%\XPTXXW3333?D

MC#
..NB(
XXWX)13#CCD=-
-..2@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(


:<<XXYYJ##CKH

<<\XYYYQSSC?DE(
<<PXZYYAS#CKG
MF#




MZ)AS3CGHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.


M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB0@PXZ
MZ*#SCGGE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@4\XXYIAS#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@`Q!TZ-A



MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

.

..NB$@\XYZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKGE(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHG#
..NB@0PXZZ*#SCCCF(,.
M.NB@0PXZYXQC#CKHH(,..NB@@XXYYI`S#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*!S#CGEH(/.
M...8@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*!S
M3CC@E(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PY`T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H




._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZYXQ#SCCGH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKEG(




..NB@


.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..N5T
&<
\XXX(Q33CGCG$






M-_]N7+ERY


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(

\XXZ*#SC3GCD#/.-^:4
M`PXXW&R#C3?@@#/....0

M?`
....0

--]^$`PXZYVS#C3?@8(
-.NB@@PXVX)13SCC=

MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
.
M.NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'_PX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH%,.-^&`8PXVZ*##3K?@#




\XX
MXXPS#CCHH(
..NB((PXWWGS33G@E&,..-B`\XTYZ'P#3CG@E&,..N48\XW



...5@@\TWWF#C3G8A!,..NB`\XTYV(#S#3CCC#,...6`\PTY
MWGSC#3??A!,..N9PL\TWWV##3KHH(
.-M^84XXXW8PC#CKE;
---^.``PXZ
MV(0##C?CC#...=A\`PXXY8`SSCCC@./--]^4@PXZV*`#SC?CC!-..-M@8T[_

....
8TXYX&##CK8H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH/^##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@8\XWZ*##C;HH!









M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


V?N
MW#ESYLJA



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH`
0=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#A_\.'3KHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@_X,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C_T*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NC_H(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(


..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,._SKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..@!!APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H



..NB@@PXZZ*##CK_Z*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..O_HH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(


M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH`/_$'3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##O\ZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
M_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@`Q!TZ-A


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(




..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@



..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
M``0=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT/^A


..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#_@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@_X
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH/^##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*`#$'3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H


..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ_^B@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..O_HH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##D#0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#AW_.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=
M.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HH(,..NB@
M@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#_PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@_\..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(/_#CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZ`$&'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'
M#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0_Z%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#
MAPX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*&##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH
MH(
..NB@@PXZZ/^@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NC_H(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKH_Z##CKHH(,..N@`!!TZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0
MH4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#O\=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APX=.G3H
MT*%#APX=.G3HT*%#APXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@P[_
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
._SKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*#
M#CKHH(


M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
M=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ=.C0H4.'#ATZ
MZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZ
MZ*#+@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(
.
M.NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(,..NB@@PXZZ*##CKHH(

&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;1. Description of Business&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NightFood Holdings, Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;is a New York Corporation organized January 14, 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter 2010. The Company has acquired&#13;the web site nightfood.com. The Company&amp;#146;s business model is to manufacture and distribute nutritional products to provide&#13;consumers better &amp;#38; healthier nighttime snack options to support better health and better sleep. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s fiscal year end is June&#13;30.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company currently maintains its corporate&#13;office in Elmsford, New York.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2. Summary of Significant Accounting&#13;Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Management is responsible for the fair presentation&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements, prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally&#13;accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets&#13;and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts&#13;of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the&#13;determination of depreciation and amortization, the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock, and the website, income taxes&#13;and contingencies, among others.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 9pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company classifies as cash and cash&#13;equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities of three months&#13;or less at the time of purchase. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 9pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Statement of financial accounting standard&#13;FASB Topic 820, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments, requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values&#13;of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying&#13;as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 9pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 2.4pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; background-color: white&gt;Inventories consisting&#13;of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market, including provisions for spoilage commensurate&#13;with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred. The Company&#13;has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 9pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Advertising costs are expensed when incurred&#13;and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company incurred advertising&#13;costs of $26,891 and $596 for the years ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 9pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has not generated any taxable&#13;income, and, therefore, no provision for income taxes has been provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred income taxes are reported for timing&#13;differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes&#13;in accordance with FASB Topic 740, &amp;#34;Accounting for Income Taxes&amp;#34;, which requires the use of the asset/liability method&#13;of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable&#13;to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases,&#13;and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to&#13;apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company&#13;provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when&#13;realization is more likely than not. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A valuation allowance has been recorded&#13;to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than not that the assets will be utilized.&#13;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate differs&#13;from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent and temporary timing differences as well as&#13;a valuation allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company generates its revenue from products&#13;sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&amp;#146;s and other customer website.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;All sources of revenue  are recorded&#13;                                                                                                      pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition, when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists, delivery of services has&#13;                                                                                                      occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject&#13;the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions. At various times during&#13;the year, the Company may exceed the federally insured limits. To mitigate this risk, the Company places its cash deposits only&#13;with high credit quality institutions. Management believes the risk of loss is minimal. At June 30, 2014 and 2013 the Company did&#13;not have any uninsured cash deposits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company accounts for long-lived assets&#13;in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360, Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires&#13;that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances&#13;indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured&#13;by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets&#13;are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets&#13;exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less&#13;costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value, discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals,&#13;as applicable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has assessed all newly issued&#13;accounting pronouncements released during the years ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, and have found none of them to have a material&#13;impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;3. Going Concern&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company's financial statements are prepared&#13;using generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the&#13;normal course of business. Because the business is new and has limited operating history and relatively few sales, no certainty&#13;of continuation can be stated. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 20.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -20.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Management is taking steps to raise additional&#13;funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has&#13;devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However, the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating&#13;revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;5. Inventory&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory consists of the following at June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=width: 6.5in; font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 60%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 20%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;47,424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 16%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deposits on Product&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;23,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;1,991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;TOTAL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;72,415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 20.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 20.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost&#13;or market. The company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs or write-offs of inventory&#13;based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs and write-offs are charged to loss&#13;on inventory write down.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;6. Other Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other current liabilities consist of the following at June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=width: 6.5in; font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 19%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 3%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Imputed interest on related party note-Sean Folkson&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;37,072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;26,161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;TOTAL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;37,072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;26,161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;7. Short Term Borrowings&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On November 24, 2010, the Company entered&#13;into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Chief Executive Officer, which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The term of the loan is seven years until&#13;full amortization and currently carries an 8% interest rate, which is based upon Wall Street Journal (&amp;#147;WSJ&amp;#148;) Prime&#13;3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 20.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Interest expense for the years ended June&#13;30, 2014 and 2013, totaled $1,369 and $1,457, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;8. Capital Stock Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On October 16, 2013, the NightFood, Inc.&#13;became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings, Inc. Accordingly, the stockholders&amp;#146; equity has been revised to reflect&#13;the share exchange on a retroactive basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100,000,000)&#13;shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held&#13;of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence, the holders of a majority of the outstanding&#13;Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the&#13;Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and, in the event of liquidation, to share pro-rata in any distribution&#13;of the Company's assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not&#13;anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive&#13;rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion, redemption, sinking fund or similar&#13;provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all&#13;of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be, upon issuance, fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common&#13;Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval, subject to preferential rights&#13;of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends, if and as declared&#13;by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available, and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon&#13;liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion, pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation,&#13;dissolution or winding-up of the Company, assets, after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of,&#13;and unpaid dividends on, any class of preferred stock then outstanding, will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common&#13;stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares&#13;of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares,&#13;voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in that event, the&#13;holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has 25,130,560 and 20,000,000&#13;shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2014 and 2013 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;During the twelve months ended June 30,&#13;2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 60pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;the Company issued 1,052,000 shares of common&#13;stock for cash proceeds of $223,000,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 60pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;and issued 4,078,560 shares of common stock&#13;for services with a fair value of $1,019,640.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividends&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has never issued dividends.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has never issued any warrants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has never issued options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;9. Advances by Affiliates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 6pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company received&#13;cash from Mr. Folkson, the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer and related party, $26,350 and $7,750 in 2014 and 2013, respectively,&#13;to supplement the Company&amp;#146;s working capital these short term advances have all been repaid. The amounts included in short&#13;term borrowings &amp;#150; related party of $134,517 and 134,517 in 2014 and 2013, respectively represent a Note Payable which is&#13;repayable upon Mr. Folkson providing the Borrower with written notice of demand, according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson&#13;may not demand repayment of the Note until the Company is profitable, and in a positive cash flow position. At that time, Mr. Folkson&#13;may demand repayment. Company agrees to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance&#13;is paid in full.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 6pt 0 21.3pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 6pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Imputed interest expense&#13;accrued on the note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $10,911 and $10,516 for the years ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;10. Income Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=width: 6.5in; font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 67%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Statutory U.S. federal rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Provision for income tax expense(benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that&#13;give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 6.5in&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 0.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%; border-bottom: Black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%; border-bottom: Black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net operating loss carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;94,423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;52,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Non-cash compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 0.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 0.5pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;346,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 0.5pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 0.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;441,101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;52,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%; border-top: Black 0.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;(441,101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right; border-top: Black 0.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;(52,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 59px; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3px; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;At June 30, 2014 the Company had estimated&#13;U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $278,000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2022 and 2023. For&#13;financial reporting purposes, the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to&#13;uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30,&#13;2014 was an increase of $389,070. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position&#13;taken by the company will &amp;#147;more likely than not&amp;#148; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The&#13;Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns,&#13;as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions&#13;would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.&#13;Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company may not be able to utilize the&#13;net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined&#13;in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&amp;#147;IRC&amp;#148;). Under section 382, should the Company experience a more than 50%&#13;change in its ownership over a 3 year period, the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount&#13;per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;As of June 30, 2014 the Company had not&#13;performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S.&#13;federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently, no federal or state income tax returns are under examination&#13;by the respective taxing jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company's accounting policy is to recognize&#13;interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The Company has not accrued interest for any periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;11. Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Equivalents, Receivables, Other Current Assets,&#13;Accounts Payable, Accrued and Other Current Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The carrying amounts of these items approximated&#13;fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly&#13;transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures, Financial&#13;Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs&#13;to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active&#13;markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/b&gt; - Valuations&#13;based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/b&gt; - Valuations&#13;based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities&#13;in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs&#13;that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/b&gt; - Valuations&#13;based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market&#13;participants. These valuations require significant judgment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;The application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described&#13;below:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=width: 9in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=11 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014 Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Total Fair Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4&gt;Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top&gt;Short and long-term debt&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;149,016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;149,016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;149,016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;149,016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=11&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=11 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=11 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2013 Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Total Fair Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4&gt;Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top&gt;Short and long-term debt&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;152,324&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;152,324&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;152,324&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;152,324&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;12. Net Loss per Share of Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0 5.4pt 0 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260, &amp;#34;Earnings per Share,&amp;#34;&#13;which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital&#13;structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator&#13;of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements, basic loss per share of common stock is computed by&#13;dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common&#13;share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying&#13;the treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period&#13;(or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average marke&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;t&#13;price during the period. However, shares associated with convertible debt, stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants are not included&#13;because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 5.75pt 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=width: 6.5in; font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;Numerator&#13;    - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;$&amp;#9;(1,144,325)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;$&amp;#9;(22,713)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;Net&#13;    loss available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;$&amp;#9;(1,144,325)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;$&amp;#9;(22,713)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;Denominator&#13;    &amp;#150; basic and diluted loss per share &amp;#150; weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;&amp;#9;23,172,482&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;&amp;#9;20,000,000&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;Basic&#13;    and diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;$&amp;#9;(0.049)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: Black&gt;$&amp;#9;(0.001)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;13. Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 5.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Management of the&#13;Company has assessed all significant subsequent events through the date upon which the financial statements first became available&#13;for public release.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 5.75pt 0 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company entered into a twelve month&#13;consulting agreement, beginning July 1, 2014 whereas the Company is required to issue 50,000 shares of it $0.001 common stock in&#13;return for the sundry services which will be provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;4. Accounts receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s accounts receivable&#13;arise primarily from the sale of the Company&amp;#146;s nutritional bedtime snack bar. On a periodic basis, the Company evaluates&#13;each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable, history of past write-offs, collections, and current&#13;credit conditions, writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. Invoices are typically due in 60 - 90days. The Company does&#13;not accrue interest on past due accounts and the Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account&#13;basis. Determination that an account is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

begin 644 0001469709-14-000412-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`/&)/46*O!4ESH``+\[`@`6`!P`;FEG:'1F;V]D+3(P
30P
M
S



*T8]]]2XY$[CVA_Q
^
SF=)3XR/UJ2`!
M%V?&+\0+\1-^Q3PJC`L^G7DTH/!`4SHU.DUK:#0:!8;]A?HN%S_?7B?#3H)@





TU9

\HYM]3?-

29DEG08$3E4C:

M&C6@%17
7.W*M
M7'H1M1DPD+LY*)1H!^\6$TA(1$^6Q\^
%'\8\6
KD]K?.I/:S\FD*\&GFD8?







C$IA;O$&S



4N7IG5IQ&Q;DL$[@))E34LE1]NV-U%^16

MV''%[5ZWVUU%D!V\.H0B'+#
@9G#AT0\C,WU7=RMW=B]5(H\L??`48A5H#5
MTR\-8MG.!PZ&T]`#D\^]I
T\:NRI6&U^[;9[RP@;:=5#[HBW&K8=K^?5H_E



M&U@



Z9G]2K2Y3PA(O@*Q73]UP(
M_H@'265F]3+'WNK`%6D7G&U

N3DD+?2J@U@I2STR\$K
M$M\^&?0KPG




'$I8
M.6+X<QZY9*1E)7[M/T`CF/1'P65UUZ6;/H2S8Y:G6#(PLIG<)1U1$_WED*K


MT[/3E7C+5K!*]FW;2.VPHBTD6UL
#N]E

M02[84



M^Z7Q+207&WT]PIZ]QI*HN.N2X7XLV:\!);IN=;GK';*-;#]*RS&R`XNV8
MN^/\2IYBSH,A-6*U2.(*KA4J.X#9X7`H`84XH*=-8E5I].V4V*5(5&:?FEA
M@8

M9`YX;9?


M`97!N)03JNHL$W_+)&MVJ5L

YJM8VI=<K;I-,=G\KQ5H@UFJ(;`&X1F%=,9_X3NUJW@:5,[W

5A6]`;

MOIU7S[1U%C-O]+*4J^4GBU#.KV;7-M'RKJS%N#FQTMY+&?)U0R\?RZH'-\9=


/'68U@5DV@D^D83Z!W
M)HUAM*&

<&HTZ=_=JYWZAO9KB43T_Q0S=@JZ$!:.W.8G#/GFZ`#4`',R@
M7J88L%8:(-G\M(6!2H<ITENKNQ[E+.[STU:S7RNTD$OS9V#^=D
`@HQ%U

M'N*'Z0MC!)80=.
RQ:[F0B
8^!:I4&I5#:


M*E
F9V8DI4]C.VV-+?L[F)/`]C@\160^$F4\$D.H=WNIS1#/1I%
YG-PWZLA



M$`=:*%1PGB.5#?-Q)@H

P8L`U&D`EB9?UMK6/O:#.T+Q4
M*1LWFZY'))CK][F!+V2:AM/$;E20HU?@:X








M)%X
R.4OSA=F-=0O(I.)9S;6==A)


MS@R.=KOUV-S71

V$
M^'BF[4

GT4$)`LZQA@D#+&@S06\\47\+!9
N


M(


M=#OD'$XVR4

5[DSRP46%.LRL!3

Q[`+TS=EY/A\#?8ZSH\D#)=5`U+
M2GKUA0LMON#@W



%;;/=`F2[DY
M[)`C]9]24H^I%M!-BTQ6G+*+M#H[Q5\VD*$Q24`$BU?8!+$D
!&+]X_5OJ
MW

3(%83C'
MXDY</E#KVI+;AD.%VE4BRL?OH$-]/?+XHUS.@T*(8;S1=R\:5R#LQ!BD6GJ



MRG'BF6QEXM0ZL_-QBQ(ABQN*U/PH_WU;Q\`5*'18F4:)M3-3.V3!$-H+O1

+W??Z^N+:0/MJ6&23%L)\1\L\U[
M)/VR:JZ*=Z4$@=X

0T$:<<1NK`NE/SAGIL
Q;




J(Y^`7E&B:*')TIP%5T*T5C#Z4^W]U\BV3H50#BY?A\?S`YYP;


N$\W;*

+5V

MFVKD?5VFBO'=*U*[

M\!_3JB3
RU<%RO^-P
#P







L_$3_@:=[G

]#^?ZI


K_Z]



3;1^[^6V`@O:2X$^UEQZNIHZ
M8F)\^BG&




'P$+F&R3V
LS?I=AQOWVDVQ2E-NCSX!UK+
M;10($1G_]&


MWAHD.A^[[MP8Y[

+-@U!\/3
MYT

2YQQZ
)!


35(8##*3-U
2HC)A


PQWVIU.%U-BLE01@ENI[=`2Q+N\2K3)QL!\

-%Y8N^)9+.L7X=T8FSO
GDHD0

M#:Q&$:*\)_BK%KI;BC)
('WPH(#_2C:AEQ`\8/L45=XQ`=6\Y+A/W*3)8
MYH:5T#$(LM84@FTE)F

M:G/+@5VCA_BGC%2+V]+



W'G0&-




@P(;LF\D?*2#+-Z2YVO+2*

MD[]+M&YZ`'%'?H[6#RH\-3W0T7+3DNOQ42AD9DLZ;D)
3





MC9V_)#O?L#&\
.0(MP*^17;R^-:TF%^0R4O.3S)U*'+2_!:TU2WK=8PSQIJ+

MXM2!QT+
&N-E*:J*MY2-

M7+DR9.M#T

M7OZ8
O3:#$E

G72R9?#1

0.ZA_$XB!F3D#BW


B=G<#Q!#2]LV,FBG%<GL`@]6('-U^]I=.XP518XH6#H%HE=@*^V&!=F
M'6'7RTBD%4B=Z3FW?+9L@P
[(&_*RM+\8NZV$M)AP@)*);=?DWR_(?`FO_]
M%?__51&NJ:V2'MO*NM=`NV7DG-9U4U4`J0X0[\.VU%X%!WWP-`=]]US4TN!V
MYJM'5[76J'S/\&+VW
])_FXO2L]_R5YI/R.KKNC670;Y611!M4).*VX[K

J<U&#0-;N=]82!C9-J`KHFH#LJY6V%9[N'<S*/Q%I_$U5

XF/OX#8;9(V(G\7..A%HC


'B2

J\0-!K&$_I(^(KBIS6#::81


M?/E_X\`);6?







MP3I(LJ;C8ZU1D_YZ6





MK?#P
29)(NML2)T-M25D0M:6B:P$-P82I3II#

6?$`&)S4PEVW
876;Z\&=


MR78=*G8)T[B4YH5OS'[OBV.-(#!%DZ;..15W
\^55H3IL5EIGM9*0WL8X@Z7

'R)Z]/-&`?P



MH
6ITW7XS$W=F?'6%??-;KZ]+Q+`.A=_V%9!G^$!X;D9KCOZB5]_27ANPK

5+#F&R:K%2`6A_IVE`

MZ
:7IS-T9HYK!6LF4QTT9B?4W*@6C[X4)5



M
]\S;B/H%(DS.JA@:ZM.MFB\





MN1'STB-J*:E+*O;9H#PMO$1!QAG)3LA)F%@TI$&)60'5;]FEF8BF^'TF






V8U6P
RM%%:DG^(.)/EP.\KE0B.^
=)7&(BG


P=GO9T-YJF/0
?L=.C?78WP*9L8G0
GPNNV




9U.8JK`@%4::
M'3^^FW(J%RG!*7_)J6Y*7*_(V
*'01@9F

M&[B6(!!1''A4$(*O#F&/BOE\$=P32;Y8
Y\41DB7[GH5^
MQJ9RGM##+




M

0&?_)Q:
!^U&'1.S[*.OI$N_7OR@JG!^A;MS/L;;\4


M
#$T
#
S


DF\.]/


[TZLDWV&WK$
M*])!#\0F'#N
_X;^QI8KK[`AM0A'/;9:6\0A\
7^QAUT56LN4+6JH/9O8AN
M?YF-#FJ7CK/NU.O/S\\UFVWP




MX?-\.)GTZ_*;.K#CKHCM=&UC8#O4V4FJ^

Z2
WX;Y)B6'!`?
M]$]


1


FH-\3&4

9XT;1$:4;-'UB$K#
F!'(\BY)

M!;$ZH6V1!927&J171LTHIL1:%C_%3'=\M+J28F;INE+7





L


^P7U!\-1;S2_



NN\E1#4JRC4CS7D2R-/'+W(7V@

MRE!(VV6

MY*H7413(2HS^7$R^R)


K9

(O;E%V?5+Y/C
ZD.QQ6D'0QL['#&3FI
%[YY^]??T'P=_R;8:`!
M)8[=1CUN&4

MZ*!JSI!A:
#^(










MR_'Q?$`9Q$JQ
X1UJ5CI%TQ-C`+8GA-WQ*6\(&*R@(4.3

2QLMJCH`


M986@N=N/\3]*\-]05HPGTW'WZ]EXU.M?3OY`O?Y@V!U.PWN&(7F'6S'&CKII

M\'8CBH-GQ/':O@J

MY.H[7FLPLY%K]29D-A=\N;
_@[[CN1%$.QB(5!`7D)4G%;/^R
7ADM@G%=@D
QZ]BVUV_8N<#4'K+@




AD0[$^U!..Y+
Y=H^NH]B7N1
MGEL([U7.]$RU#QXIII9CQK#.W7^_--?6PO
KHF?8BF:;.Q3S/=7@)VLLWK[





=!



M4?^2QE#RX'V


;12
M8M`ZCA\+8&MF


#$T
#
S

M```$.0$``-5=;7/;N';^WIG^!]3WMIO



M^9;V?&)6W)2L$A^ORXK#V[ML04CPKT?G@_[OC_

_CM[/!N]/CHY.?CPR_-+
RU;I^DO[C_WBO]S\ERB
OYVP


2(1O\`+Q:IYD3TLJWC1DVMLKWKM+
M\$)








X&_U]%69/;+Q&1WYQE@X?PU126XV-3=T8T:]J
M2&D`1D\F+)O:RJ%H@T5_
O3_PM#9


/=7]$733=&WON8L;O!MR)C'&5LJ
M:E1=#K.A
!U)IB49QKEJ-

MLRL

M9^/C-%VUUC\
\':'DQK:]6&E!`Q18
FTH:I^7$U$/
\N`;

MJB\D6L69ESSQ4QW-?0$%SJZ()#3KXFF``(E&S$PEEK4%XB8.%5(XPQN\)$D6
MQK?YN1?Y]$LMSR'59)N3&6%6$#J41*4BNB'%*TMBL-*JC)H9JXFL]H/WI+

MKRZ%@0$-JL)#+(@8@C'?8QFU

M1V$!2$@&-&5+JY43



K:^`Z29
/`0/9`;I(7+VRJJY4(&\

0IP.XX#O
MR1*





--F0)#`+^+MG$=B$O92?//M%G


C2`#+;52@Q%(R8U?P4
M^6J71;Y:'W*^VDIBU(OJN0QF!BZS&

66CN9VNJI(!8S`S-X




J4'`J$3
JSU827F&



NKP





[`\(I)'E7'
FP*

;&[
2XB








5LES$IS5+/MU5];E&0[IF7+JC9C7#H6`R7!ZO.K


MS0

M52RICEZ^#4.KNEUR`4XS.IKLKEXQ\=:2`/.]_'Y!]@)OS/?1'-^&
8N#XKGC

NO

*0^AP#2A(A7*Q4#
M^QR0)M9Q8#/%V9@FR$G`WDQVZJ6.`*
'(2UY&-Z?'`8DZFY-ZS*
\9B^E)^\

2Q4.2BOZS%W0TMNFM9G-W%8CCY
+B+Y70]
MD3CU(K8]M(]R*T?3B:VOCW0Q4=`W@)RG04-\@7-YER0HI[@ZRJ=52T-5QLL.


1K&94]


M.:IJQ;H[*6;]RAQ4A;)R6%[1+=L6?3TSR&=H5F0/0++R:G5VO:]!L%+&W?2J









MV.=RMU




*BXM;`+98(JJ4;#ZI-
M'
M

M


?)!GVV9E7*#8:P+KPPX<=%S7<KU28V
MA65OBHL%1Z
L`Q(-H7%3/)#OR^TF_AR6M-Y

5
MT=5.R8YC*KH5H.


M[U)4ZK56&1BLK+1.Z[B'6MIZ;?&5[^`\?CFY=@[4#?0'5&RX#+


M?^]







RAHJM(


_()[KL/[G


05?'B&L]
MN*'E10-/SP[=#9OI]099!6$=/=S9\!DRN'KN+18


MB)TM(R[:
2M\]C5GD&S$.JB%ME3ICVP7C&(6*
TC$7LKN$?L`UD]ON\A5`_$





MF8.?/N-G%1YIII(=`R%0J(Z!!9;/6:,K1BPQ::EN\:9WF1HI`&9W.D2Y@&


P5U6.5DHZ78B
W81K
M6`5R@Q@O$..]THA])YE8%
UU$3)WLRZU`3PP?.6N#4NJL2XHYF[?)?H+('E_
MFE/QFGW13(B]



-L.+/9;`0.QCF;87]





I_*CH
M]JG:LPY;ZF+4X!%]251DVIJ!1<]QHBAY=U:KC/VD_O<BEV


DV7NO5.EI9DJ#Y+'2H=6%K;&X0&G8]UB!H)Y


\MEX-D20.<65X;F4&-#


9:HDP#1:A_WP)X5A@[US(Y%`Q,\:NQ`?\
MY?#I`?L!UKBPI2!7IR50Z10=S
@ZI.`;3(^$N($4^(I9_M
0^@%6+&!LY.)
M4%








M?-N-ZI'M!9Z1VMRUF:=!']C4UD^:!
.
[A;EG\2I08



M`3(UOZH
]3M2Z-

M'YC@-L9.E#+&0Q7\UOB$3BT/3Q9%!0-T:

MK
`

?%H^/_1
M&;YT#2@OVU1WX



JV357D;7Y-5H).'1J



R`(=D`.6F:=+RW?_
MB

MCER'NIE@F]KJ


MU[P-T[4

M[6
W..19C=L7M$X6J?OS8@?+I3ATNFW$V#.!SU@BB).W-%B7O&&'(?E'D+



MS*:6R0.QI7





MU%?4JL%L4#(`DBJ)?JW?:O;T8]Q^EDJEF);N6D6M=MD(#

M*7A`1F`XT@_050N`=8T%B1UJ^UK

MA#(:V97T)1L9*%5??\3
1S$66@.[L#9AUL!#27R'_1P]+P21`!
I#:`@44Q$

MX3Y[`#^X6


$PF;!=5E#-=WV3Z@XDB%*1A







M.@``OSL`!8`&````````0```*2!`````&YI9VAT9F]O9TR
#$T
#
S
2YX



4


4`````#QB3U%V4[?IH0'``1
P``%@`8```````!````
MI('E=```;FEG:'1F;V]D+3(P
30P
S
Q+GAS9%54!0`#]LLI5'5XP`!!4.
=```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`#@``Y?```````
`
end








begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!CDA+4IP$``H.```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=


MK0K-SN\F[HW/QI3HC&W+A77GL

A
KFM9]`


MW\2!AN??K2RT.7(5M&Y5@3VS?:^;'E


M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@O
MYGUBETZ

M+GAM;YR96QS(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````O)?+:L,P$$7WA?Z#T;Z1QWF7.-F40K9M^@'GM@FMF0D]9&_KTA3)8%T








1&`R2;+.AI:6JA


&Z?$![E
M9S#$9L
2.A%)55N3R2YD0#?96Q4MG#IPW+Z=NI(XN4Y8(4P/N0VU9.E`Y3



'_&

US$
M$5Y.\7(5&B@]`Z7W7RZ7*
$H
E!`]E:3VVN4MK`^/8J7P8^7Y7P2OD9X$DYG

M0(+#?4(+$\8T^.$:QL??15T:B3\.FUN?!
6_O7=;WSN:KAP79DG5.SVK03

[(FN5

YA`!F_3/-3)XSV.
M



WNH
M$S[DXZA:*_J[JNT

M`/__`P!02P


MF1`G006



MI67)]
B+1

\Q'Z?


\#8C9KO







W_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`
M3KHRMWT*``!D


MXCH2AN^W:O\#Q?T)V`9#J2G!G_;NU5;6V=WKPEQ$FH`IX9S/S[T[(D2ZW7











I@)1`*ILPV6AM^Q6R3

M!%+9A'5]YG1=;%_!71&'^1+.B9$1:Z)+X109FP(/$#OM3$JA;M&%8DS3LC
LZY2RLZS+-N!'I
MX.EUL_ZZ;$@^$K%'DH#29ED=<$4E\:]`DF0J_)A.Y[<9#IA6=D0[X!$@*


5^JD\R]9/HH`V$$L&)VHCD3F1RE-;/XDF


M48HH0Y0C*A5BJ&F`SBI'R%#*TYG\8:V?NI/S8'I38QCY35U-R-Q0K-YA\D

MSF89J8K

M-

Q\X9
M+5)6
]/)6*$Y99_=
=AW;WT28V74C9B1NNT5=%Y8J8JAD:=7#?+*R%1A1H


WD4;Z_(\RY?=P*9








M5J^/JY?]Z^9A^-?F./S]TS__\?''_O#M^+S9G`:DX?7X
'P^G=[FH]%Q_;S9


57[8O


M%MO7#5F;_



/1O
'

M9UH^

M#1(;I#;(;)#;H+!!:8/*!K4-&ANT&AB1-WJ74
3_'2YA:IA+I#$7$F@^
CVT
ME!*R2V#T`:1#6(;)#9(;9#9(+=!88/2!I4-:ALT-F@U8-B?5HV_P_Y,#6U^
MQI3P3(,ON`Q;X_IY,S5%EKU([Q0@(9`(2`PD`9(R8#D0`H@)9`*2`VD`=+J







TQ2L3+'PA62(*$(6(
M(D0QH@11BBA#E
J$)6(*D0UH@91:R#3\RQN7PZLBJ!%1P2T=E6QEOK951

MB`I$):(*48VH0=0:R#0\RUZN
#Q/=LB1
I87K-+*8UG?).[M2=!+R8Z!ZBA1

/^9V=2J1*^C@%4E&P
MI(BP`B-`%**$,6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J$-6(&D2M@0S#LPKD%8;OQ
T\4B`]
M0!`%B$)$$:)8H!G%G)8MS?HPZKY*2Y24W/521!FB'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:`YF^
ML%-+_G5E5X$X/6_7WQ9[
@$).2:'3U]+\B\KV81CRZ$V-P0R7
2E-!2@5(@H
M0A0+-*53H'*1/[9=Q*](4LI%
(C

JE90^+NM;JDI)25TU

M_7HLDF
]3CC2YMK2`Q0(9$SXR=A:OD(E)0




M;EB-08^;=S997I(PDAY1I5#!O/0`!0(9


M$1VB$*0O'QQIDWOI`0H0A8@B1+%`^DZ=.%CJ8)F#Y0Y6.%CI8)6#U0[6.%AK
M
L
'/AVIK_!!)VZ6)032?8`H0!0BBA#%`IF5H[&U&R1*2FX&*:(
48ZH0%0B
MJA#5B!I$K8%

J$)6(*D0UH@91:R#3%W:EYY=./#X6@`0R7
2E-!2@5(@H0A0+
M]$X53TE)?Z2H*U-2^EG&KN(I*:FK0%VEDM)U66EPI:2DKAIU-4I*UV57\904
MZ3)]RZHT5\PS4=31]AV?(^.\X?EV%4])R;L)$(6((H'H/X[QH@21FB#%&.
MJ$!4C2[[P=1H52-J$'4&LCT!:N8Z+[XM7G&ZR[&4BB0E498IY6EK\2DK0,'
MQTL$DR;M[%`[U3Q7%)P_$^EE*J#91*=+;/E4DJOEH'Z0DHI]:5$9]574NJL




.T*L42T@6MQH=:`KH:6
ME9Q;OU?

MN);66&BYHY9N7D++/;5TV1^TS*BE\Y;=
AW+-[_8+1_F]*
0%OZ4
M6ES7IA2(6IQ7]^^HQ7E]_YY:7.@\P&UN`*BNYD19<[J!1,=G39BPJ3U.)R
M=7#Y@E5@M#&5-V:Y\X6JE7-624*^U#EB:[C:EEX9%%Z_@3[T`
@U.*RZ
(C
MB]+WW]AGX9%%^8G4E;Z=I1:7!:E[\HQ6U1LAL]KXC7H6?^Y@D_4UG7H2?X



M:


MW754T;W?`SF`BGTTN=E



MZ7O5F7':_B=)T6!*&ID





P!ZB:JF#-(M
F'&76-B\`_30_$$


*A-E0M]7:B#G.\'.)*.#IX
QHE







!XW[V9B3IM9N/D7S)$L$ES]0$Y)S6Z'C

\

'V)J4P@
M499^`$J);P``_!KE0Q+`Q(AS\WSR%*51[:_F`0+=^H!W7J@4MTSE+2MY`5

N:8!U[(0CWZ;1CT7G]*R[(44VJ!+9L&0@0ES_+3V`W?E/
&\)!UG
M.^9X)F/7


6=X)DN

2YX



M=
WP%
$H9UKKUUM7=G+Z!L#4



AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&
M/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8L4.^7!K2
MO)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__ZOE3].KYD^.'SXX?_G3\Z-'QPQ\M+6?A+HZ#






Q*A!\2YICQ.IXI')61'.*(%0U^$ZNP3

9&R
M;

(

M
#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=V684ZK;E\*YLM[UMV

MUJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=F5O-B&:*HL


7*DB):#QL
^NQXBM4*


'$B'5

MVG;V-2VE?*:(&(3C(S1B
W&`P?TZ5$&?




K%BC\@A

H-2





`04)

M_57Y(?!
VC#?9B<D?C3TN]U?/LQ-%^F


V7JXL9`)GHRT35J`CF`.!RL5@N
MIJN9#O]/QOOA$8CF=*'*]BI(,FK($DKR;S11&E+\L46#J3G*L(@22O(@22


GQ_H
RJC5G)2;5



%J(QTW



M9C-JV!W(]%


KE

3
1Q_]


%`G+$5-+X.\48)(W`


W..D$04)2-@:RPB0;`_%WAD%X&`I*4Q@E<XC
T2DZ7!!-I*-GJQ4&$$N*


M




Q9P

#R


X6%@A:.&*`Z\U*%?Y7)`8QF<&!,0\RM@UZ,I%%]IZR<\=033.7TUJ#E

CCENRW
6%B2IW&


7T?


M





LZPP(`'/UL'UR1WV
\%D?U?
M9!Y.2&3I?;^JQLX.D#A2`Z'\@PRB+H[GGOFKX9!^&+0NY058BCG;Y@%/?'





J^

`4$L#!!0`

MG=MN'




M_/I)-9OGV;BZR?/Z=O)D=WO[^9/;K)ANN%&YF-;?;SQ[OK?A%M/B3XM\WW^R
M^^SIQIO75?'F=?WFH!PM;O-I[2##'4[KHKYSQU
_/V2[1S^='[@'CU\_J=^\
M?J)'_&

'K@?3]\=')_\<#YPQR?[6]V!8;I]

MG!^[@ZSN/3SD;








2KJWG$$E:V\RC[8WL+`

MLFP-@

MZP)W]7B=Y=D_??_^]





HK`66&'^5]7?9B


@?T
A9JVZ
),.+=8`DF9Y9RV_-BNH6`
U(NV!8H


M)

M'Z^-)X+G-FWKKI?`G+


-`^Q'-QGHU5NCX8A3K@S9Q=Q2_W/FV[Z#YL%+K#L.:Z






QB?]
T9`




MU#?NIZWSK1@\PFFP=#ZSD

M6+:CVG


57P[`]F






^B[J2-9


M-OOHNIK5





#
M*9TA_:!V

M

?&#R&YKS


7.7RTLWM-0V33\@.=O5OO8
MSV0X[*]_(3*YB*R^Z8?8XG_Q+
Y1IK[L\AQ[

ME47T`7EQJ=^O4V^_8Q+3#FB7:U;#Y-PBU\`6H[!7Q*OG,A4VJG9%111B3)



M/QNA2?-H:AD*8ID;!9J30EQ6*EX#R';;Z0
Y3T_0KBK

MT@Q9E!`H^9TBGZHU5U9L#IN?9TU;PSPGLS)1(7*B3B+U1U[[[7L##LP
N2;4



M:^%FLI.P%&*7YYI-R`=[*5^FMIS#%/;&S*LT0%9*$)&99G\)-O66
9!.
-

ITRM3$21?X83



M2!^.EIU2X
'2CD/H[S


MJ'Y2\8I$P259Y+BUK?$N]JBV;DK6&S1TNE/TRP51E


M#:26&VGAL5/968X9A,WG;^Y4382TA^PZ-L^%;+6R\=-ANIN.(ARR59\F#D




DA56\:*)C&)+7
)%._FT3G^9


6C5/8G8(X*(!RG

M9%\2;V
&FNF8&B
8)MV\O-L



M4P(_B
T5M-D]%86%

:;17LL)&Y2+$:&G2_H4
M5,X6$!$LXI,[T;O38YY/!ZNB%E^L:7\RE*'9&F+:S`9`&!1;QPO=VC47E
?('`.

MQ(NWE[!I-W26=2RZ78T@5N1V'
;?;D@VS7'N%QK6Y%Y#&RY)`;9DZ8W

HF;

KO/=XP0$E
1?SO'SJ



MJD#+;IS*:J1?&*XTG$P`5:ADIP


MLT#^`JO$30SB5:;R\YAP!)E/_RM3TD%\\IDPP\D

MB=Z

KQ^:I/Z






HY3

T-+[=
M@
+%
DP@??0LRB])'L!821X$($H0WYYA8)RQ!&
6`GU0%YD)-2W)](]M&?U
MML/PAH_6T39*
HB$:/?7)Q7^7B
5DOPOT01A[`C'%@JQJ9;%D,L;1H\25D

M?;I3\*
]%#



MP*^^9!V4RGJB`\.WW$\SG2B
3A:UM'_%2U4L
:HP3F4ERFV+6132H'#*\E-(





BX8Y
`=

P`$1@1#FY:0@%^7F\4ODB,22E[_THWV1)2PZ$&VI6.*92BD
M/F4K\T-4S;9&ZQ

7)#.WKEK@J^B]84!R&W)_E#DW5]IX.GNV\




MC0+=-VY;V%]WO&/[S3=EL-\
.0^@

M-;VZ2;]\=]#/S6T]XCG_.KSND/[$
4#V+6HMGX+H/`I]_KV7YUT@1VIHCVW@

M'P0&XRIVMW=W@_?=W9.;IPVNZ2/&[*ML`FZ.

#)Q*QFABK0:
M



MG'F(9)E

^(\]QN8



MCS_LJPQ+5HYV.$7*S;-D3CT%TOPHZ4ND+.=U6L*TOY8XM75#]YZW'GYW2X%1

X(@M6F!#DFIAJLRGTF:6I-:X.(O/T-O

M%^68F&B[J7=X*=.1FN.%=\T7TKA%8*VBP_'ZEQ\DC[1]


M+


M&)[

TEFR`-3G60\-NGQHPG)^8G;B6S4(3PV71??

M-GIS939]WWC

M\_2%1:2\N3[4R%B;DK2C=#LJ_MH]K7C3*.%?K

Y3R93)78P):R&(OPKBTUT]M+:3`//K/;-'T3
K#&70A6X6<XCO=WRZV)\+:NT@M'UFPN,
M%/Y/U]%\5=NG3NL;$K%<F</8&*4+5MIR3VLZKH`O)QXL$;*)#`T15LCBZ(R


E9Q$E2

/O=(`N7#';LXQ[?J9%`MV/IG)LK#/?8%2B(T.FI\FVIY&=*GD.\;!)6Z
MC



MGCN@'N*=M(R)


M`$`'(A/F7\``#




TFQ[]^KF[N

M_


M8!
-


JTU.V\9`*&+E`*97D_

:





S

MDV#PP;8NW#QR



8.8
4)BQ(3`*

M0#%6&+RHD&MOE1IB^%J)5VR\BI[2/?\[K?9Y65M'OH

ME7






\3<1H82

MF
#W`?^/9O][.
!`ZASOJ:;KE10'#SH

SXMB'G&S1)M85N:CH

M

MIL$%JE)4T`I'Y@OFYMWZ\Z?5B;)'GF

[V+QF&*5-45G8GN/

M!L_IZ0LCZ3=284@;UDFNP)[21TE]24$Q?:H^KY9@1_,2'&&CH7X24]?,3GD
M`I8[@!G)B87I2XQY`HFC.4%4BFA!1B`3Z

*^*T(?+<BL[D5W#HS


+

W8C)!XB




M1JGH'F!HNW^[7/\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!MNSL4H0
``/D+```9


0J8&0[3?OOYUZ




5H0+2XNWC

M()ZA4LY+
`?7L7P:$`BY+5]7EBA3FL_3H(DGBV6$?])RK5(T--W\O/4O'J
M/\V*.BVM
NU4X-FI1
%R-DOFR\7](DDG`L].9#H/9HO)]`XGH5Y6FU)&%-FL


M$;!C9MI?(9F-.'
OW+GQ2B\?L+I]4/1
*CC.M:&1MCJW%W+?49R8XJE[(K..

Y8458BZV=PK2FRSM.53MPX$77



-IM]CE$(--N5/RP-1_9.G%<T]IMV@3]F_-K/?ALU=Q_:W*]W_D)8=L0YUD





MT8=)HHSO(I(IA!;$4@]B6CT2K!=@1?9:A)@+0S6;CT2'@Q(KP606Q)9[L5


$YG7(()Y4\UXGY%
M&;\(7`\1@4_!+#EDI@3--^6FY;S\O$)9@0)RJ.$**(


MGVV1PG3[

U)3T


M]
@DE<L3)B7$'@$WO2+[Y/7#:R^<2Q[0V)


M2P

H\WW





4DX/



MT$$M9
+S:MFDE0ZO@UIBVH/]WB




)9UV0-\$W*&YRA;-E)U'KX?NTDB

)8AS8Z
-118S`6AHZ!B#.*




S\#JD/3*3


A`6E0MF(/?:D+)!U$X\+Y+V')/#Z4.&08GDQ
MF402@?!D@-_(4%`M5`%2-2/IM)[JA7H:EUL4ADA`X@[`)3;:;[$$P#V6%Q4
M\HF$S(CM6Z:/ZG$J,Z%)[MT%6*@14F_)GL8:456)!,2C8(%&\[K(D81[V0:

=L5?V3-KJQ;[5!LX3`SY^Q6K.%7C_Q#1X_]K=4K


M76_:

S,)*U`4I


YX?*EHK(R)H213XEWO62*M6
MY6^1JXAX.#17.:\:D+AG)5//6C0

MOE4#D(N
T=

M3X(57UE-(6VH$U;@GO

M=H0;2XOGC







MGD








V%'VOU/^`





]IEM8?35+7R9/EMT

MJ

M*


MF#8R``_XMJ1!]$\@C5F0M!YNJX%N%OX%0QVANT0&0!CXGX0\RR=N&SDW4^
MII2V


MZ-BXI6=@%+?V


BU)2


&;!)




VU6K9






$%``&``@````A`&NX

M+YUVL4B5#HLEZG+_^X_#?O&];-JJ/CXLH]75

N%X?M
MW1^OQ[HIONYQWC^BM-C:L?4/;_A#M6WJMG[I5AANW0OUS_EV?;O&2(_WNPIG








M_@M$TR@DVA[NV0+N+.*10LNP710#A$)




/41Q1!S[6AZ;EO0F65&VG:\*
M]9



MKP7Q]0K&F7LYZ(


M9_+(@Y2`I`#*229`AU&43KB

BSIH\U06*$XGI7?FBU7

?

1I9TWD:6)6WD]L-2



B6K-E

M
^-;B)?

MBIFTYQ7S(&4[:I:L&`4LJ]@%8YDXYF4:$IJMNG2\TTP&UA#M`A*:4A1XNB;-










M%CV;7LO&?J
R;DG1!P*06UY+AA9]$EX+1L

M)4
BV8'[R<\D?#AUQ/X:.@0X#_3*<?PB$JM#Z?TKLG




*@ODN^X
E9A6ME8(^7LT6);1A
0L

?[
M`M;]ZDUQTFDW#Q?R)4TX$RR3#L@A;?1RS4NT1*T7J445J!BMSC)(GOCA?'

J@![QIX5]3%5$`Q&%Z
?F@)\YU9*
M

M]XM






3X)X\D5?#
--\VA

MGP#Z68T/Y`GS`ZV$59`
ENXZJO=PW1'U@V0U1`Y=C4GH9
UM#A\N!
YBUP%R









M=)BJE-.+U28*-%V7'7UQV(4[#:#E/2EKTBEQY_!CGI?(#56!0K$[Q5J2*PA
MB8:D0T31YW]$'S56]7%DP;LUW:4C@?0QC07BLD[@S.W19I*([Y[\/@IWVGV'
MY:1HMR%-P^#R=C6C_:^]%/E3B$_D*6)H%






M8=S*%YC8ZGYBV/T'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#`7WFC604``.83```9





M12#:D?,P.E3VCZ[8`0++:TU4F7@3]JXT.Z7/1_DFOOY+\=&XAW4OP!WS
M#V\1:3*(*-#


1/
M@40%!^@/#_!!V39F?!72LU(=
!L;!#2&[DCOWJ3WC$-B34DD1'%-]@UG^`;


=Y-M_JTT^
0?E`8XW=$9-




M+W-H965T.2YX;6RL5EMOFS`8?9^T_X!X+[=`+BA)E01UJ[1)T[3+LP
F6`6

6
$UJN3-=R3`.7




M;K7KEX%\06)&.4V%!7*V


5/

M9&H%



M9A
J?FE3[HT[JR]5H'\TXX/R-Z1KQCM*9[R/:

MD.]2'#3LKB.UPZ(^HMF9WF-'DG4[#:(^/[+S=P
DZB/:W#-][GH'.Q#S]4SD

MB=VM`2X&%3K@[X@=2

6QM



M0(
)'I.


-!]Y!Z*&S-J:Z=5W-UE!2?8YN@9ZE54U





7
ME38J^;5JUX#&.V[&@O&_


.T
.Q)8WS9+HZR29CN*G


M=4XY7?VUW0B?]
TK54AF2@2G(OE9(_4&PW]II$M.*&%B0UDKVB9L-KG*U.



`4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`&.2$M2G
M`0``*@X``!

M2P$+0`4``8`````$`M54P(_4```!,`@``P````````````````#@`P``
M7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$+0`4``8`````$`,=XF:WX!``[#```&@``````





M971S+W-H965T




`








M

``-L+```8````````
M`````````.^




65$M00`

MW;



M@#NW`@``1P8``!``````````````````*+

 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiquidityDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-F9A93,Q,U\Y,S(S7S0Q8F)?8C=D8U\Q9#0V
M,F9D,F9A8C8B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



Q
U\Y
S(S7S0Q8F)?8C=D8U\Q
M9#0V
F9D







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M+U-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T



O



M='
O4VAE970Q


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^-E]/=&AE





M+U-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



M9E]&:6YA;F-I86Q?26YS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U




M=%]%=F5N='



M97-H965T($A2968]

M.D%C=&EV95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX.E!R;W1E8W13

M8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@


M+R\O0SHO
#9F864S
3-?.3
R
U\T
6)B7V(W9&-?
60T-C)F9#)F86(V+U=O

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
M

]
M
T1T97AT/B=.24=(5$9/3T0@2$]
1$E.1U





]


]





T1T

M86QI9VX]

#8M




]
M


]
T1T97AT/B=997


'0^)U-M86QL97(@
M4F5P;W)T:6YG($-O;7!A;GD\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]






#9F864S
3-?.3
R
U\T
6)B7V(W9&-?
60T-C)F9#)F
M86(V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S`V9F%E
S$S7SDS
M

#(N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C

$50




C`Q-#QB

#$S



]




M;F5T(&]F(&%L;&]W86YC92!O9B`D

]
T1N=6UP/C




M
BPT



M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R
BPY-S


]
T1N=6UP/CDU


]


]

]



T1T;W`^06-C


]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C0U-SQS


]

]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C








3



]


]


]


]



#QS

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+`D
M

#`L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE
M9`R-2PQ
S`L-38P(&%N9`R,PP
#`L

C`Q
RP@

M-2PQ




]






M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R



]
T1N=6T^

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD(%-T;V-K:&]L9&5R

M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-F9A93
Q
U\Y
S(S7S0Q
M8F)?8C=D8U\Q9#0V
F9D



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M1$%4140@0D%

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN
M(#

M;BX@
S`L(#(P
3





]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/C$P




M;B!S=&]C:RP@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



C`L
#`P+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!O=71S=&%N

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(P+#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-F9A93
Q
U\Y
S(S7S0Q
M8F)?8C=D8U\Q9#0V
F9D



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W




C`Q
SQB

]


]



]
T1R93X-


]
M


]




30L
M

M;7`^
30L







]








]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]

3(L





T1T;W`^


2PQ
M-#0L


]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1P




C`L
#`P+#`P






]

M1DQ/5U


]




]



]



BPW
3



]






]



T1T;W`^1&5C

M;G5M/B@W
BPT





M;G0@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4P
M


M















]
T1N=6T^*#$W




M9SY#05-(($9
3U=3($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15


]







]
M




]
T1N=6T^*#
L


]
T1R

M87-H('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@




T1T;W`^3D54($E.

3$U/'-P86X^


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



3


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




3





M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
#9F864S
3-?.3
R
U\T
6)B
M7V(W9&-?

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M($]&(%-43T-+2$]


]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO;F%L(%!A


M
C`Q



Y


]

C`Q


]








]





]
T1N=6T^*#(P+#`P





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]



]
T1N=6T^*#@Y+#@P

#

M5F%L=64@870@2G5N+B`S
P@,C`Q,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

C`L

3DL





]

P+`R,#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@

#`L





]




]

;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




^#0H@

C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



T1T;W`^



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]







\+W1D/@T*

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L








C4I

M
2PQ-#0L


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4L
3
Q





@870@2G5N+B`S

C4L
3
P+#4V




#9F864S
3-?.3
R
U\T
6)B7V(W
M9&-?
60T-C)F9#)F86(V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S`V9F%E
S$S7SDS

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5



]



]


2X@



T0P

#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q





3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

L
M($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#@[*0T*:7


M8V]M;65N8V5D(&]P97)A=&EO;G




'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@
28C,30V.W,@9FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD
M(&ES($IU;F4-C
P+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X-@T*/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

`P(#`@,XR-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-F9A93,Q,U\Y,S(S7S0Q8F)?8C=D
M8U\Q9#0V,F9D,F9A8C8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
#9F864S
3-?.3
R
U\T
6)B7V(W9&-?

M='




CX\

M86X]

#$T






M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=&EN9PT*4&]L:6-I97



!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O





30V.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97

T0G9F]N=#H@










Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@




@8V]U;&0@9&EF9F5R(&9R;VT@=&AO

@87)E('5S960@:6X@=&AE#0ID971E

@;V8@8V]M;6]N








T0P

#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q





3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@



L(%-E

38P



!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@






@

L(')E

M:7(@=F%L=65S#0IO9B!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
N(%1H92!C87)R






T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X



T0G9F]N=#H@.7!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CXF(S$V

M1=W:61T:#H@,3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@,3%P=]N;W)M86P@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(N-'!T)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M/B8C
3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M26YV96YT;W)I97




@
M:6YC=7)R960N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY#0IH87
@;F\@;6EN:6UU;2!P=7)C:&%S


T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M5&EM97




#`E.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q

M4V5R


3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;F1E9!*=6YE(#,P+`R

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



Q.#





T0P(&-E;&QS

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC

M






M;64@5&%X97
F(S

@=&AE('5S92!O9B!T:&4@
M87-S970O;&EA8FEL:71Y(&UE=&AO9`T*;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@:6YC












'!T+VYO

M(#`@



#L@;6%R9VEN
M+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%-Y;6)O


@3F5W

@
M:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA=!T:&4@87-S971S('=I
M;&P@8F4@=71I;&EZ960N#0H\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^#0H-




!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@
M9F]N=#H@
3%P=]N;W)M86P@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T:6-A+!386YS+5-E

M;&4]






M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;W)M86P@5&EM97




M.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M(%-A;G



3@S.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

@:71S(')E=F5N=64@

M=71L971S(&%L;VYG('=I=&@@:71E;7
@9&ES=')I8G5T960@9G)O;2!T:&4@

30V.W

M

M9VEN.B`P(#`@



#L@
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T


M97



M1D%30B!4;W!I8R`V
#4@4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;BP@=VAE;B!P97)S


@:&%S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M:71Y(&ES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@87-S=7)E9X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



38P.SPO8CX\



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

T0G9F]N=#H@






P+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S


Q


M5&EM97


M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR
M-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG











@=&\@8F4@9&ES





T0G9F]N=#H@




M=7-T:69Y)SX\8CXF(S$V

T0G=VED



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!A;F0@:&%V
M92!F;W5N9!N;VYE(&]F('1H96T@=&\@:&%V92!A(&UA=&5R:6%L#0II;7!A
M8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S

T0G9F]N
M=#H@










]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]

N($=O:6YG($-O;F-E








M


T0G9F]N=#H@


M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
L('=H:6-H(&-O;G1E;7!L871E('1H92!R




@:7


L(&YO(&-E


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


T0G=VED



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M9&5V;W1E9!A('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&%M;W5N=!O9B!T:6UE(&EN('1H92!R




@9&5P




'!T+VYO

M)SXF(S$V

M97AT4&%R=%\P-F9A93
Q
U\Y
S(S7S0Q8F)?8C=D8U\Q9#0V
F9D
F9A8C8-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M



M1'1H/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


@4F5C96EV86)L92!!9&1I=&EO

]

]



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



Q.#
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q


30V.W


@8F%S:7
L('1H92!#




M;W5N='




#9F864S
3-?.3
R
M
U\T
6)B7V(W9&-?

O4VAE970Q
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]




]


]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O
M;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M5&EM97




M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[(&)O

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U







#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O
M;3H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

M)SXR

'!T+VYO




M:6=N.B!T;W`[('=I9'1H.B`R)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


T0G=F5R

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C
L

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M=#H@

M
BPT

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


C5P

T0G9F]N=#H@

Y.RT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L


`R,XT



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q.#
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/DEN=F5N=&]R

@=&AE('9A;'5E

@=W)I=&4M9&]W
M;G










]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





T0G;6%R

M86P@5&EM97



M5&EM97

38P.SPO8CX\+W`^#0H-


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#`N

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=6YE(#

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@


M)B
Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`V
B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P
M.R!W:61T:#H@
3DE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[('=I9'1H.B`S)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[('1E

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


Y.S
W+#`W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT





M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
#9F864S
3-?.3
R
U\T
6)B7V(W9&-?
60T

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]
T1T



]



]





@

Q-C`[



M
#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97


M:7-H960@0F%N:RX@5&AE(&QO86X@:7

M(&)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



L

`P(#`N,C5I;CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P


M

Q
M.#
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/E1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H92!L;V%N(&ES('-E=F5N





M97

C`N
M-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

@
M96YD960@2G5N90T*
S`L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L('1O=&%L960@)#$L
S8Y



#9F864S
3-?.3
R
M
U\T
6)B7V(W9&-?










]

]





@3F5W



M:6YG/3-$



#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q









`P(#`@,XR-6EN
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3`N


T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


M;B`H
3`P+#`P



@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&%R92!E;G1I=&QE
2!A=F%I;&%B;&4@=&AE<F5F;W)E(&%N9P@:6X@=&AE(&5V96YT(&]F



@86YD('5N=&EL('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES('!R;V9I=&%B;&4N($AO





@;V8@0V]M;6]N#0I3=&]C:R!W:6QL(&AA=F4@


@;V8@86YY('-E

@;V8@=&AE($-O;6UO
M;B!3=&]C:R!W:6QL(&)E(&5N=&ET;&5D('1O(')E8V5I=F4@9&EV:61E;F1S
M+!I9B!A;F0@87,@9&5C;&%R960-F)Y('1H92!;V%R9!O9B!$:7)E8W1O
















6QE

L

`P(#`N,C5I;CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S


M/3-$



#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




PP,#`L,#`P#0IS
M:&%R97,@;V8@:71S(0P+C`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&ES





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M9'1H.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q.#
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R


T0P(&-E;&QS

!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC

Q.#
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/G1H92!#;VUP




M.B`Q






2PP
3DL-C0P+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G9F]N=#H@

`P
M(#`@,XR-6EN)SXF(S$V



M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S

Q.#


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP


&EN)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




#9F864S
3-?.3
R
M
U\T
6)B7V(W9&-?

O4VAE970Q-2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P


@=&\@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T
M871E;65N='


]

]

'!T+VYO



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M:#H@

M)B
Q.#

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M
30V.W

M97
@:&%V92!A;&P@8F5E;B!R97!A:60N(%1H92!A;6]U;G1S(&EN8VQU9&5D

@)B














M



#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P
M)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



6%B;&4@=&\@37(N($9O;&MS;VX@=&]T
M86QE9`D


M;W)M86P@5&EM97


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

#9F864S
3-?.3
R
U\T
6)B7V(W9&-?
60T-C)F9#)F86(V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S`V9F%E
S$S7SDS
C-?

38N:'1M





$5


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S


T1T



T1T;W`^
3`N


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q

M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G



M/B8C
3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

S`L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q


M)B


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


Q-C`[


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#
E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH

@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C








34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



M5&EM97




M


SL\+V9O






M;BP@5&EM97


T1C

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L
M(%-A;G

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



T0G;&EN

M97

M='
Z/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V



M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M



M=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


G/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ($)L86-K(#`N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



M;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`P+C5P=!S;VQI9<^)B


M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

M.3LT-#$L


T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@=&5X=UA

@




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#


38P.R8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


3$U




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Y.R@T-#$L
3`Q




M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

#




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

Y.RT\+V9O

38P

34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-3EP


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


L(%-E




T0G=VED=&@Z



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M070@2G5N92`S

M+E
N(&9E9&5R86P@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97






N(%1H92!N

P+`T*


30X.R!B92!S=7-T
2!T:&4@87!P<F]P<FEA=&4@=&%X

@86QL(&]P96X@=&%X('EE87)S

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S






M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



@



@9&5F:6YE9`T*:6X@4V5C=&EO;B`S.#(@;V8@=&AE($EN
M=&5R;F%L(%)E=F5N=64@0V]D92`H)B

Q-#@[*2X@56YD97(@

M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



Q.#
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D%S(&]F($IU;F4@
S`L
M(#(P










T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

Q.#
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/E1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)W
@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!P;VQI8WD@:7





T0G;6%R


S$S7SDS
C-?-#%B8E]B-V1C7S%D-#8R9F0R9F%B



]
T1R97!O


T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^




]

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




T0G
M9F]N=#H@



L(%)E8V5I


\+VD^



M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M(&]R('!A:60@=&\@=')A;G-F97(@82!L:6%B:6QI='D@:6X@86X@;W)D97)L




@:6X@86-T:79E#0IM87)K971S(&9O




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&EN(&%C=&EV92!M87)K971S+CPO

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



L







M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@
`P(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY,979E;8C
M
38P.S



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P






C`M
3`M

M8FEL:71I97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M)SXF(S$V


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\8CY&:7-C86P@

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

979E;`Q/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS



SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

M9VAT)SXF(S$V


M)B


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




T0G=F5R

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


:6%B:6QI=&EE


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(S$V

M

M+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`G/B8C


M-#DL

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V




Q-C`[

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXM/]T9#X-


Q



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

M)B
Q-C`[)B

M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

M8V%L(#(P
3


M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


M3&5V96P@
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]

979E;`R/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B


B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C


M=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-&1D-#)SX-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT




M:6=N.B!T;W`G/B8C

M

Q-C`[


M;VTG/B8C

6QE/3-$)W9E

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT)SXD/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@





38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC

T0G

34R+#


38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=<^
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L


BPS

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-F9A
M93
Q
U\Y
S(S7S0Q8F)?8C=D8U\Q9#0V
F9D



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
30\

M16%R;FEN9W



]


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4





M

`U+C1P=`P(#`N

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@82!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@














Q


M97

M

T0G
M8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V





3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@







M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M







M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L












M.B`Q


#`L
#`P)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T



M-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


#$I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T












M

S`L(#(P




]



3
N(%-U8G-E

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M:61T:#H@

Q.#

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-2XW-7!T(#`@

T0P

#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q





3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-F9A
M93
Q
U\Y
S(S7S0Q8F)?8C=D8U\Q9#0V
F9D



M9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3

M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*/]X

S$S7SDS
C-?-#%B8E]B-V1C
17S%D-#8R9F0R9F%B-BTM#0H`
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies


Management is responsible for the fair presentation
of the Company&#146;s financial statements
 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).



&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the
determination of depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes
and contingencies
 among others.




The Company classifies as cash and cash
equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities of three months
or less at the time of purchase. 




Statement of financial accounting standard
FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values
of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying
as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.




Inventories consisting
of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate
with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred. The Company
has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors. 




Advertising costs are expensed when incurred
and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company incurred advertising
costs of $26
891 and $596 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




The Company has not generated any taxable
income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


Deferred income taxes are reported for timing
differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes
in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &#34;Accounting for Income Taxes&#34;
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method
of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company
provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when
realization is more likely than not. 


A valuation allowance has been recorded
to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than not that the assets will be utilized.



The Company&#146;s effective tax rate differs
from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent and temporary timing differences as well as
a valuation allowance.




The Company generates its revenue from products
sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&#146;s and other customer website.


All sources of revenue  are recorded
                                                                                                      pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has
                                                                                                      occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions. At various times during
the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits. To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only
with high credit quality institutions. Management believes the risk of loss is minimal. At June 30
 2014 and 2013 the Company did
not have any uninsured cash deposits.




The Company accounts for long-lived assets
in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360
 Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires
that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured
by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets
are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets
exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less
costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on quoted market value
 discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals
as applicable.




The Company has assessed all newly issued
accounting pronouncements released during the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 and have found none of them to have a material
impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

028
        


Accounts receivable ( net of allowance of $0 and $0
 respectively)
        
        


        

415
        


        

500
        


        

973
        


        

973
        


        
        
        


        

555

907


        

072

162


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

649

374


        

517

517


        

250

960


        

850

433


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized 25
130
560 and 20
000
000 issued and outstanding as of March 31
2013 and June 30
 2013
 respectively

131

000


        

256
816

307


        

372
074)

750)


        

127)

443)


        

973
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance
 Value at Jun. 30
 2011
        

107

234)

927)


Beginning Balance
 Shares at Jun. 30
 2011
        
        
        
        


Common Stock exchanged for Acquisition
 Shares

000
000
        
        
        


Common Stock exchanged for Acquisition
 Value

000

000)
        
        


Share Exchange
 Shares
        
        
        
        


Share Exchange
 Value
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

803)

803)


Ending Balance
 Value at Jun. 30
 2012

000

307

037)

730)


Ending Balance
 Shares at Jun. 30
 2012

000
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 Value
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

713)

713)


Ending Balance
 Value at Jun. 30
 2013

000

307

749)

443)


Beginning Balance
 Shares at Jun. 30
 2013

000
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 Shares

078
560
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 Value

079

015
561
        

019
640


Common Stock issued for cash
 Shares

052
000
        
        
        


Common Stock issued for cash
 Value

052

948
        

000


        
        
        

144
325)

144
325)


Ending Balance
 Value at Jun. 30
 2014

131

256
816

372
074)

127)


Ending Balance
 Shares at Jun. 30
 2014

130
560
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        


NightFood Holdings
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
is a New York Corporation organized January 14
 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter 2010. The Company has acquired
the web site nightfood.com. The Company&#146;s business model is to manufacture and distribute nutritional products to provide
consumers better &#38; healthier nighttime snack options to support better health and better sleep. 


The Company&#146;s fiscal year end is June
30.


The Company currently maintains its corporate
office in Elmsford
 New York.





        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 issued

130
560

000
000


Common stock
 outstanding

130
560

000
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


Cash and Equivalents
 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities


The carrying amounts of these items approximated
fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs
to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).

 - Valuations
based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.

 - Valuations
based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other inputs
that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

 - Valuations
based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market
participants. These valuations require significant judgment.



The application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described
below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

016

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

016

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

324

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

324







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

 INC.


        
        


        
        


        

				 2014


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

108
560


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &#34;Earnings per Share
&#34;
which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital
structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator
of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common
share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying
the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period
(or at the time of issuance
 if later)

price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants are not included
because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.



    
    
    

Numerator
    - basic and diluted loss per share net loss
$&#9;(1
144
325)
$&#9;(22
713)

    
    
    

Net
    loss available to common stockholders
$&#9;(1
144
325)
$&#9;(22
713)

    
    
    

Denominator
    &#150; basic and diluted loss per share &#150; weighted average common shares outstanding
&#9;23
172
482&#160;
&#9;20
000
000&#160;

Basic
    and diluted earnings per share
    
    







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

575

817


        
        
        


        

734

665


        

891
        


Selling
 general and administrative

274

296


        

076
721
        


        

134
620

557


        

132
045)

740)


        

369

457


        

911

516


        

279

973


        
        
        


        

144
325)

713)


        
        
        


        

172
482

000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



Other current liabilities consist of the following at June 30




    
    

        
        

        
        

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#9;37
072
    
&#9;26
161

    
    
&#9;37
072
    
&#9;26
161







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



Inventory consists of the following at June 30




    
    

        
        

        
        

    
    
&#9;47
424
    
    

    
    
&#9;23
000
    
    

    
    
&#9;1
991
    
    

    
    
&#9;72
415
    
    




Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
or market. The company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs or write-offs of inventory
based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs and write-offs are charged to loss
on inventory write down.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


Management of the
Company has assessed all significant subsequent events through the date upon which the financial statements first became available
for public release.


The Company entered into a twelve month
consulting agreement
 beginning July 1
 2014 whereas the Company is required to issue 50
000 shares of it $0.001 common stock in
return for the sundry services which will be provided.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


The Company received
cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $26
350 and $7
750 in 2014 and 2013
 respectively
to supplement the Company&#146;s working capital these short term advances have all been repaid. The amounts included in short
term borrowings &#150; related party of $134
517 and 134
517 in 2014 and 2013
 respectively represent a Note Payable which is
repayable upon Mr. Folkson providing the Borrower with written notice of demand
 according to certain terms. However Mr. Folkson
may not demand repayment of the Note until the Company is profitable
 and in a positive cash flow position. At that time
 Mr. Folkson
may demand repayment. Company agrees to make payments equal to 10% of the monthly positive cash flow of the Company until balance
is paid in full.


Imputed interest expense
accrued on the note payable to Mr. Folkson totaled $10
911 and $10
516 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



On November 24
 2010
 the Company entered
into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&#146;s
Chief Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA). 


The term of the loan is seven years until
full amortization and currently carries an 8% interest rate
 which is based upon Wall Street Journal (&#147;WSJ&#148;) Prime
3.75 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.


Interest expense for the years ended June
30
 2014 and 2013
 totaled $1
369 and $1
457
 respectively.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


On October 16
 2013
 the NightFood
 Inc.
became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&#146; equity has been revised to reflect
the share exchange on a retroactive basis.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
The Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100
000
000)
shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held
of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the
Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution
of the Company's assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not
anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive
rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar
provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all
of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common
Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights
of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared
by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon
liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common
stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares
of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the
holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.


The Company has 25
130
560 and 20
000
000
shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2014 and 2013 respectively.


During the twelve months ended June 30
2014:


the Company issued 1
052
000 shares of common
stock for cash proceeds of $223
000


and issued 4
078
560 shares of common stock
for services with a fair value of $1
019
640.








&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;











        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



A reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&#146;s
effective tax rate is as follows:



    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




The tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that
give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#9;94
423
    
    
    
&#9;52
030
    

    
    
&#9;346
678
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#9;441
101
    
    
    
&#9;52
030
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#9;(441
101
    
    
    
&#9;(52
030
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




At June 30
 2014 the Company had estimated
U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $278
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2022 and 2023. For
financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to
uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
2014 was an increase of $389
070. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position
taken by the company will &#147;more likely than not&#148; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The
Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions
would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.
Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.


The Company may not be able to utilize the
net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined
in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&#147;IRC&#148;). Under section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50%
change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount
per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.


As of June 30
 2014 the Company had not
performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S.
federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no federal or state income tax returns are under examination
by the respective taxing jurisdictions.


The Company's accounting policy is to recognize
interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The Company has not accrued interest for any periods.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

144
325)

713)

803)


        
        
        
        


        

019
640
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

415)

665
        


        

500)
        
        


        

648

027
        


        

910

517
        


        
        
        
        


        

577)

515)
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        

750
        


        

308)

220)
        


        

692

530
        


        

115
        
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of period
        
        
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of period

028
        
        


        

369

457
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


The Company&#146;s accounts receivable
arise primarily from the sale of the Company&#146;s nutritional bedtime snack bar. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates
each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
 collections
 and current
credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. Invoices are typically due in 60 - 90days. The Company does
not accrue interest on past due accounts and the Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account
basis. Determination that an account is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    




    
    

Jun. 30

    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  





