

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-17-000495
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170417
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				262727362
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53661
		FILM NUMBER:		17764572
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7740 EAST EVANS RD.
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(480) 385-3893
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7740 EAST EVANS RD.
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Northsight Capital
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080708


















Washington
 D.C. 20549






 2016








NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.

















Scottsdale
 AZ 85260








(Registrant&#146;s Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)




 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 





 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 


 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. &nbsp;See definition of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

















153
786 based on the closing price as quoted on Yahoo! Finance as of June 30
 2016.








 as of the latest practicable date:


 as of the latest practicable date:



Outstanding as of April 17
 2017

Common Capital Voting Stock
 $0.001 par value per share
114
236
581 shares









Northsight Capital
 Inc.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2016











































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance











Certain Relationships
 Related Transactions and Director Independence













Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
















This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements and for this purpose any statements contained in this Annual Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing
 words such as &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;estimate&#148; or &#147;continue&#148; or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties
 and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors
 many of which are not within our control. These factors include but are not limited to economic conditions generally and in the endeavors in which we may participate
 competition within our chosen industry
 technological advances and failure by us to successfully develop business relationships
 among others.








 2008. We were originally formed to engage in the business of marketing
 developing
 and producing unique
 proprietary water products. Our original intended line of enhanced bottled waters was based upon the experience and expertise of our founder
 designed to make everyday hydration and nutrition a more enjoyable experience. In May of 2008
 we commenced our initial operations
 and had no significant assets. In May 2010
 we abandoned our pursuit of the proprietary bottled water business. Since then and until June 23
 2014
 we were a &#147;shell company&#148; within the meaning of applicable securities laws as we had no operations and our business was comprised of seeking acquisition candidates. We commenced limited operations during the quarterly period ended March 31
 2014.


 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 23
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Yong Park
 an individual who became our majority shareholder as a result of the acquisition. Currently
 we own approximately 2
700 cannabis related internet domain names. In consideration of the acquisition of the 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Park
 the Company:






000. The note was amended and restated to provide that the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note would be made July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Kae Yong Park has waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014. Such $100
000 has since been paid to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue;



000. The royalty payment shall be payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000.


 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. John Venners
 the President
 CEO and a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 serves as the Company&#146;s Executive Vice President of Operations and sits on our board of directors (see Note 17 - Related Party Transactions).


 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&#147;TW&#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company had been developing an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company and TW own 60% and 40% respectively of equity of the joint venture company. Under the joint venture agreement
 the Company and TW agreed as follows:








 in exchange for 60% of the joint venture company.



000 and agreed to contribute an additional $70
000 towards the development of the online web portal
 in exchange for 40% of the joint venture company. With any additional funds required for development to be contributed 60% by the Company and 40% by TW.



000 in principal amount of notes).



000 in principal amount of convertible notes
 convertible into shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. In addition to repayment of principal
 if the joint venture company has revenues
 the notes are entitled to receive a portion of the joint venture company&#146;s operating income until they have received an amount equal to 50% of the face value of the notes.




 2016
 we entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent
 as amended (&#147;LOI&#148;)
 to acquire Stargreen Holdings
 LLC
 a Los Angeles
 California
 company (&#147;Stargreen&#148;). The LOI expires April 30
 2017
 subject to extension by agreement. Stargreen has filed applications for licenses/permits to cultivate and dispense legal marijuana and has entered into agreements to acquire/lease properties where it intends to cultivate
 manufacture and dispense products to the legal medical and recreational marijuana markets. These agreements are subject to Stargreen securing funding necessary to consummate these acquisitions. As a condition of closing
 the LOI requires Stargreen to secure
 on mutually agreeable terms
 a minimum investment into our company of $2.5 million (maximum of $23.1 million). To acquire Stargreen
 we expect to issue Stargreen that number of shares of common stock
 such that
 after giving effect to said acquisition (but before the financing)
 Stargreen will own 75% of our issued and outstanding common stock. The closing of the acquisition of Stargreen is subject to various conditions
 including satisfactory completion of due diligence
 negotiation of definitive agreements
 consummation at closing of the minimum $2.5 million funding on mutually agreeable terms and satisfaction prior at closing of certain of our preexisting liabilities. 


 subject to receipt of funding and necessary permits and licenses
 Stargreen intends to build a large portfolio of assets to capitalize on industry supply chain economics by producing services and products at each stage. The planned extraction and cultivation operations will use state of the art equipment and resource management techniques to maximize quality and profitability while minimizing use of natural resources. 




 hired employees
 leased space
 acquired domain names
 including prior to the acquisition described herein
 engaged consultants and advisors
 completed the construction and launch of several web portals
 including &#147;WeedDepot.com&#148; and &#147;TheMarijuanaCompanies.com&#148;
 conducted sales and marketing related activities
 and negotiated vendor relationships.


 as described below. As noted below
 subject to the receipt of additional funding
 we intend to complete and launch an additional three cannabis related websites. 






 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#146;s exclusive use.







 (ii) advertise in the Company&#146;s online directories or (iii) lease one or more internet domain names from the Company.


500 internet domain names we acquired from Kae Yong Park (who became our majority shareholder in connection with the acquisition) is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission June 25
 2014. We currently own approximately 2
700 cannabis related internet domain names.

























 doctors and clinics
 head shops
 tattoo parlors
 and vape lounges. For mobile use
 www.WeedDepot.com can be downloaded at Apple Apps and Google Play.






 etc.


 meals and deserts using infused cannabis.




 user-driven Wiki focused on both recreational and medical marijuana topics and information that allows collaborative editing of its content and structure by its users.






 subject to the receipt of sufficient funding
 which we currently do not have
 our plan is to expand our sales and marketing activities with respect to these websites with a view to driving significant traffic to these websites
 which in turn should make our directories more attractive to cannabis related enterprises that are trying to promote and advertise their business. We anticipate that it will cost approximately $35
000 per month ($400
000 per year) to effectively implement our sales and marketing plan. Currently
 we do not have the requisite funds to implement our marketing plan. 


 we have been developing JointLovers.com as a website/mobile application. At this time
 due to a lack of funding
 we are not actively pursuing further development of the JointLovers.com app. 


 which we currently do not have
 we intend to construct the following websites:












 we anticipate that it will take about six months and cost approximately $150
000 to construct and launch the foregoing websites. Currently
 we do not have the requisite funds to build these websites. When and if these websites are constructed
 we will also focus on the marketing these sites as well. We believe that the incremental marketing costs associated with the promotion of these to be built websites will not be material in relation to our total marketing budget.




 which we currently do not have
 we intend to expand the marketing and distribution of our services primarily through the following methods:















 our sales and marketing related activities have included search engine optimization
 direct selling efforts
 direct mail
 electronic mail
 social media
 and online advertising. We have engaged companies to assist us in our sales and marketing related activities: Hemp Media (provides online (Internet
 smart phone and mobile device content to our business)
 New Times (print advertising)
 the musician Snoop Dogg (promotion of our Company and its business)
 and a nationally recognized men&#146;s magazine (print advertising). 




 offline local business guides and directories and with other online providers of local and web search on the basis of a number of factors
 including the reliability of our content
 and the breadth
 depth and timeliness of information. We also expect to compete for a share of local businesses&#146; overall advertising budgets with traditional
 offline media companies and other Internet marketing providers on the basis of a number of factors
 including the comprehensive nature of our online directories
 effectiveness of our advertising solutions and our pricing structure. Our competitors are expected to include the following types of businesses:


. We expect to compete with offline media companies and service providers who may have existing advertising relationships with local businesses. Services provided by competitors are expected to range from yellow pages listings to direct mail campaigns to advertising and listings services on local newspapers
 magazines
 television and radio.


 We expect to compete with Internet search engines
 such as
 Google
 Yahoo! and Bing. We also expect to compete with various other online service providers and review and social media websites.


 the Company&#146;s primary online competitors are Weedmaps and Leafly
 each an online directory of medical marijuana dispensaries and doctors. Neither Weedmaps nor Leafly currently serve the legal recreational market. Accordingly
 we consider these companies a competitor only with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 and not otherwise. Currently
 Weedmaps and Leafly are much larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. We believe that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 as we expect our pricing to be much lower than that offered by either of them. The Company is not currently aware of any other online directory of cannabis related products and services.




 including retail shops
 medical dispensaries
 head shops
 growers
 distributors
 suppliers
 vendors
 and the like. Our customers may also include legal
 marketing
 and event production companies seeking to serve the cannabis industry.


 we intend to diversify our customer base
 so that we are not dependent on any particular customer.









 2017
 we had three full time employees and one part time employee
 in addition to a number of subcontractors. 




 we expect to incur aggregate website development costs and expenses of approximately $175
000 related to the development of our websites and related technology and services. Our ability to engage in planned website and related technology development is subject to the availability of sufficient funds
 which we currently do not have. If we are unable to fund necessary research and development
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage and our business will be materially and adversely affected.




 we rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets
 copyright and trademark laws
 and confidentiality procedures to protect our technology. Due to the technological change that characterizes our business
 we believe that the improvement of existing services
 reliance upon trade secrets and proprietary know-how and the development of new services are generally as important as patent protection in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage.


 effective intellectual property protection may not be available in the United States or other countries in which we operate. Also
 the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also
 protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.


 media and other industries may own large numbers of patents
 copyrights and trademarks and may frequently request license agreements
 threaten litigation or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We may in the future face allegations that we have infringed the trademarks
 copyrights
 patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties
 including our competitors and non-practicing entities. As we face increasing competition and as our business grows
 we will likely face claims of infringement.




 as a company conducting business on the Internet
 we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations relating to consumer protection
 information security
 data protection and privacy
 among other things. In the area of information security and data protection
 for example
 the laws in several states require companies to implement specific information security controls to protect certain types of information. Likewise
 all but a few states have laws in place requiring companies to notify users if there is a security breach that compromises certain categories of their information. Foreign data protection
 privacy
 and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities.


 rules and regulations governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis are constantly changing and evolving. Currently
 the medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized in 26 states and Washington D.C. and seven of 7 of the 26 states
 comprised of Alaska
 California
 Colorado
 Maine
 Massachusetts
 Oregon
 and Washington
 plus the District of Columbia
 have approved recreational consumer use of marijuana; but
 pursuant to the federal Controlled Substances Act (&#147;CSA&#148;)
 the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis for recreational or medicinal purposes remains unauthorized and illegal. However
 the state laws which authorize and regulate (or prohibit) the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis
 as well as the federal laws prohibiting the same do not currently apply to our business as we are not engaged or participating in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis.


 as the cannabis industry continues to evolve
 increased regulation and oversight by local
 state and federal agencies is likely. For example
 more stringent local or state regulation of the cannabis industry could adversely affect the industry which would in turn adversely affect our business. In addition
 because the industry is in its infancy
 the enforcement of the CSA as it relates to those using and engaging in the cannabis industry
 by the Department of Justice
 also remains an area of uncertainty. For example
 although we do not believe it probable
 if the US Federal Government were to enforce the CSA on a nationwide basis
 the cannabis industry would in effect be abolished
 which would have a material and adverse effect on our business
 rendering us unable to continue as a going concern. 







 particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate
 and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. There are also a number of legislative proposals pending before the U.S. Congress
 various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us. For example
 the European Commission is currently considering a data protection regulation imposing operational requirements on companies that receive personal data. The proposed requirements are different from those currently in place in the European Union
 and the regulation may also include significant penalties for non-compliance.




 we do not yet have a historical basis to determine whether our revenue will be subject to seasonal fluctuation.




 www.themarijuanacompanies.com. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;)
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to the foregoing
 at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F St.
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10 AM to 3 PM. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to the foregoing
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding the Company and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC.






 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 and we are subject to the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K of the SEC
 as a &#147;smaller reporting company.&#148; That designation relieves us of some of the informational requirements of Regulation S-K.




 and to expose to public view
 possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee members&#146; appointment
 compensation and oversight of the work of public companies&#146; auditors; management assessment of our internal controls; auditor attestation of our internal controls; prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; requires companies and auditors to evaluate internal controls and procedures; and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud
 among other provisions. Compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes/Oxley Act will likely substantially increase our legal and accounting costs if we complete an acquisition
 reorganization or merger.




 as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our shareholders at a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our shareholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to our shareholders.







 and are required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g.
 changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K.






 WE HAVE AN IMMEDIATE AND URGENT NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL FUNDS
 WHICH FUNDS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS OR AT ALL.


 we have experienced great difficulty raising capital from third parties. The lack of operating capital continues to materially and adversely affect our business operations. Due to the lack of operating capital
 we are unable to implement our business plan. We may not be able to raise the funds we need to fund our basic operations. If we do not receive a significant infusion of capital in the near term
 it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 investors would suffer a total loss of their investment in our Company. 


 we will not be able to complete the construction of our planned websites/portals
 effectively market our services
 execute our business plan
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. We may be unable to secure sufficient funding to continue operations and effect planned transactions
 in which case you would suffer a total loss of your investment. If we are unable to obtain necessary funding
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 which states that the financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations and inability to generate sufficient operating cash flow raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of April 17
 2017
 we had only a minimal amount of cash on hand.


683
410 and has had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. 


 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company raised aggregate net proceeds of $100
000 from non-related parties and $656
600 from related parties in capital through the issuance of notes payable. Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.


 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.







 WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR CURRENT BUSINESS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS.


 the revenue and income potential of our business and our market are unproven. In addition
 we have little historical data with respect to directory listing rates (including renewals) for our services because we have not yet established a significant history of subscriptions. Further
 because of our limited operating history and because the market for web-based cannabis related directories is relatively new and rapidly evolving
 we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. We may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends
 which could harm our business.


 you should consider an investment in our stock in light of the risks
 uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as ours. We may not be able to successfully address any or all of these risks. Failure to adequately do so could cause our business
 results of operations and financial condition to suffer.


 WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE PROSPECTS AND MAY INCREASE THE RISK THAT WE WILL NOT BE SUCCESSFUL.


 if at all. This short operating history makes it difficult to assess our future prospects. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter in this rapidly evolving industry. These risks and difficulties include our ability to
 among other things:





 the number of paid subscribers and other content on our platform and our revenue;


 measure and demonstrate the effectiveness of our advertising solutions and attract and retain new advertising clients
 many of which may only have limited or no online advertising experience;




 or may in the future enter
 the business of providing information regarding cannabis related businesses;


 both domestic and international;






 high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage
 as well as the deployment of new features and products;


 integrate and retain talented sales and other personnel;


 personnel and operations; and




 or if we fail to address the needs of this demand
 our business will be harmed. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties or others
 including those described elsewhere in these risk factors. Failure to adequately address these risks and difficulties could harm our business and cause our operating results to suffer.


 WE MAY NEVER BECOME PROFITABLE.


 we have experienced net losses and negative operating cash flows. As of December 31
 2016
 we had an accumulated deficit of $20
683
410 and incurred net losses of $1
965
081 during the year ended December 31
 2016. Assuming we are able to raise additional capital to ramp our operations
 we expect our near term quarterly losses to increase. We will likely incur significant net losses into the second quarter of 2018 and possibly longer. While we are unable to predict accurately our future operating expenses
 subject to receipt of additional capital
 we expect these expenses to increase substantially
 as we
 among other things:














 procedures and controls; and


 including additional executive
 administrative and technical staff;


 we will continue to experience losses indefinitely. We may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. We also may fail to accurately estimate and assess our increased operating expenses as we expand our operations. If our operating expenses exceed our expectations
 our financial performance will be adversely affected
 which will likely cause the price of our common stock to decline.




 if available
 may involve pledging our assets and restrictive covenants
 which may limit our operating flexibility. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities
 the percentage ownership of our then existing stockholders will be reduced. These stockholders may experience additional dilution in net book value per share and any additional equity securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock.


 YAHOO! AND BING. IF OUR WEBSITE FAILS TO RANK PROMINENTLY IN UNPAID SEARCH RESULTS
 TRAFFIC TO OUR WEBSITE COULD DECLINE AND OUR BUSINESS WOULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.


 Yahoo! and Bing. The number of users we attract to our website from search engines is due in large part to how and where our website ranks in unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors
 many of which are not in our direct control
 and they may change frequently. For example
 a search engine may change its ranking algorithms
 methodologies or design layouts. As a result
 links to our website may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our website
 and we may not be in a position to influence the results. In some instances
 search engine companies may change these rankings in order to promote their own competing products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. We believe that other websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past
 and we anticipate fluctuations in the future. Any reduction in the number of users directed to our website could adversely impact our business and results of operations.


 and may promote its own competing services
 including Google&#146;s local services
 in its search results. Given the large volume of traffic to our website we are expecting from Google and the importance of the placement and display of results of a user&#146;s search
 if Google were to take any of these actions in the future
 there could be a substantial negative effect on our business and results of operations.


 THEY MAY STOP OR REDUCE THE USE OF OUR SERVICES
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT THE GROWTH OF OUR BUSINESS.


 including whether they are helpful
 up-to-date
 unbiased
 relevant
 and reliable. If users do not value the content on our platform
 they may stop or reduce the use of our services
 and traffic to our websites will decline. If our user traffic declines
 our advertisers may stop or reduce the amount of advertising on our platform. As a result
 our business could be negatively affected if we fail to obtain high quality content
 or if the content we display is perceived to be unhelpful
 out-of-date
 biased
 irrelevant
 or unreliable. We must therefore ensure that our services and features are attractive to users
 and encourage them to contribute. In addition
 users who contribute content to our platform may provide content to our competitors or subsequently remove their content from our platform. If they do so
 the value of our content may decline relative to other available services
 and our business may be harmed.







 biased
 unreliable or otherwise unhelpful
 we cannot guarantee the effectiveness or adequacy of these efforts. If we fail to filter or remove a significant amount of content that is biased
 unreliable
 or otherwise unhelpful
 or if we mistakenly filter or remove a significant amount of valuable content
 our reputation and brand may be harmed
 users may stop using our services and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.


 AND ITS PRICE HAS BEEN AND IS EXPECTED TO BE HIGHLY VOLATILE.


 and we cannot assure you that an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained in the future. Our common stock is quoted in the over the counter market (OTCBB)
 the market for which is highly illiquid and the quoted price of our common stock is likely not indicative of the underlying value of our common stock.


 some of which are beyond our control
 including:



















 the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market price of the stock of many Internet-related companies
 and that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Market fluctuations such as these may seriously harm the market price of our common stock. In the past
 securities class action suits have been filed following periods of market volatility in the price of a company&#146;s securities. If such an action were instituted
 we would incur substantial costs and a diversion of management attention and resources
 which would seriously harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 or the belief that these sales could occur
 could cause a significant drop in the market price of our common stock. Of the 114
236
581 shares we had outstanding as of April 17
 2017
 approximately 27
269
633 shares will become freely tradable upon the effectiveness under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement filed on that date. Consequently
 the price of our common stock could drop substantially following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement if significant shares begin to be sold.




 therefore
 do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. See &#147;Dividend Policy&#148; for additional information regarding our dividend policy.







 ANY FAILURE OF THESE SERVICES TO SATISFY CUSTOMER DEMANDS OR TO ACHIEVE WIDESPREAD MARKET ACCEPTANCE WILL SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS.


 as well as from advertising fees from such directories. As we have only recently launched certain of our planned Website/Portals and several are still under construction
 we currently have no subscribers or advertising revenue. Our ability to generate revenues depends on our ability to secure paid directory listings and establish our advertiser base. To do so
 we must convince prospective advertisers of the benefits of our services. We must also convince prospective advertisers that our advertising services work to their benefit. Many of these businesses are more accustomed to using more traditional methods of advertising
 such as newspapers or print yellow pages directories. Failure to establish our subscriber/advertiser base will harm our business.


 we expect to rely heavily on advertising spending by small and medium-sized local businesses
 which have historically experienced high failure rates and often have limited advertising budgets. As a result
 we may experience attrition in our advertisers in the ordinary course of business resulting from several factors
 including losses to competitors
 lower priced competitors
 perceptions that our advertising solutions are unnecessary or ineffective
 declining advertising budgets
 closures and bankruptcies. We must continually add new subscribers/advertisers both to replace advertisers who choose not to renew their advertising or who go out of business
 or otherwise fail to fulfill their advertising contracts with us
 and to grow our business. Our advertisers&#146; decisions to renew depend on a number of factors
 including the degree of satisfaction with our services and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. The ratings and reviews that businesses receive from our users may also affect advertising decisions by current and prospective advertisers. For instance
 favorable ratings and reviews
 on the one hand
 could be perceived as obviating the need to advertise
 and unfavorable ratings and reviews
 on the other
 could discourage businesses from advertising to an audience they perceive as hostile or cause them to form a negative opinion of our services and user base which could discourage them from doing business with us.


 or if we are unable to attract new advertisers in numbers greater than the number of advertisers that we lose
 our client base will decrease and our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.


 we will not realize the revenues we are expecting and there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. As a result
 if for any reason revenues from our cannabis directory related services or advertising do not materialize as rapidly as we anticipate
 our operating results and our business will be significantly impaired. If our cannabis related directories or advertising services fail to meet the needs of our target customers
 or if it does not compare favorably in price and performance to competing services
 our growth will be limited.


 in part
 on our ability to diversify our offerings by successfully developing
 introducing and gaining customer acceptance of new services. We cannot assure you
 however
 that we will be successful in achieving market acceptance of any new services that we bring to market or that we will be able to secure contracts for paid directory listings/advertising on our Websites/Portals. Furthermore
 there is a possibility that diversifying our existing offerings could harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN PROMOTING AWARENESS OF OUR SERVICES
 OUR BUSINESS WILL NOT SUCCEED.


 there has been a great deal of public focus on legalization for both recreational and medicinal purposes. Although we believe that cannabis related businesses are acutely aware of the need to market their products and services
 in order for us to attract subscribers to our directories and paid advertising customers
 we need to actively promote these services
 so as to increase awareness and acceptance of these services. In addition
 there may be a time-limited opportunity to achieve and maintain a significant share of the market for these services due in part to the emerging nature of these markets and the substantial resources available to our existing and potential competitors.







 we do not have the capital necessary to promote and market our services
 so we cannot assure you that we will be successful in this effort. If we are not successful in promoting market awareness and acceptance of our cannabis related directory and advertising services
 it is unlikely that we will succeed in implementing our business plan. If cannabis related businesses do not recognize the need to market their products
 then the market for our cannabis related directory and advertising services may develop more slowly than we expect
 which could adversely affect our operating results. Developing and maintaining awareness of our cannabis related directory and advertising services is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our services. Furthermore
 we believe that the importance of product awareness will increase as competition in our market develops. Successful promotion of our services will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to develop reliable and useful services
 at competitive prices.


 due to a lack of capital or otherwise
 or if our expenses to promote and maintain such services are greater than anticipated
 our results of operations and financial condition will suffer.


 WHICH COULD PREVENT US FROM GENERATING REVENUE OR ACHIEVING PROFITABILITY.


 reduced sales
 reduced margins or the failure of our services to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance
 any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Our current principal online competitors are Weedmaps and Leafly
 each an online directory of medical marijuana dispensaries and doctors. Neither Weedmaps nor Leafly currently serve the legal recreational market. Accordingly
 we consider these companies as competitors only with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 and not otherwise. Currently
 Weedmaps and Leafly are much larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. We believe that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 as we expect our pricing to be much lower than that offered by either of them. We are not currently aware of any other online directory of cannabis related products and services.


 such as:







 technical and other resources.


 these competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities
 technologies
 standards or customer requirements. For all of the foregoing reasons
 we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors.


 IN WHICH CASE OUR REVENUES AND OPERATING RESULTS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.


 we will need to build a sizable base of customers that renew their listings at the end of each cycle. If we are unable to sell significant renewals
 there will be a material adverse effect on our long term revenue potential and our operating results.




 features and reliability of our technology. Any failure of our technology to keep pace with the rapid growth and technological change of the Internet/search technologies will impair the market acceptance of our directory and advertising services
 which in turn will harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.







 AND IF WE ARE UNABLE TO IMPLEMENT APPROPRIATE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES TO MANAGE THESE ACTIVITIES
 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS PLAN.


 we have been forced to reduce our staffing levels
 which has placed
 and will continue to place
 a strain on our management
 administrative
 operational and financial infrastructure. Our future success will depend in part upon the ability of our management and other personnel to manage our operational activity effectively. This will require us to hire and train additional personnel to manage our operations
 for which we do not currently have the necessary capital. In addition
 we will be required to continue to improve our operational
 financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. If we fail to successfully manage our operational growth
 implementation of our business plan will be materially and adversely affected.




 John Venners
 who is on an interim basis acting as our ranking executive officer. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees
 such as our EVP or future President/CEO
 or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.


 THEY COULD PROVE DIFFICULT TO INTEGRATE
 DISRUPT OUR BUSINESS
 DILUTE STOCKHOLDER VALUE AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.


 services and technologies in the future. We have not made any acquisitions or investments to date
 and therefore our ability as an organization to make acquisitions or investments is unproven. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks
 including:



 technologies
 services and personnel;










 if we finance acquisitions by issuing convertible debt or equity securities
 our existing stockholders may be diluted which could affect the market price of our stock. As a result
 if we fail to properly evaluate and execute acquisitions or investments
 our business and prospects may be seriously harmed.


 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN THE HIGHLY SKILLED EMPLOYEES WE NEED TO SUPPORT OUR PLANNED GROWTH.


 we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We need to hire additional personnel in virtually all operational areas
 including sales and marketing
 operations and technical support
 customer service and administration. Competition for these personnel is intense
 especially for persons with high levels of experience in designing and developing Internet-related services. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we fail to attract new personnel or retain and motivate our current personnel
 our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed.


 AND THESE FLUCTUATIONS MAY CAUSE OUR STOCK PRICE TO FALL.


 we expect that our operating expenses will increase in the future as we expand our selling and marketing activities
 increase our website development efforts and hire additional personnel. In addition
 our operating expenses may fluctuate in the future
 as a result of the following factors
 among others:










 such as recruiting expenses and professional services fees; and




 it is possible that in some future periods
 our results of operations may be below the expectations of current or potential investors. If this occurs
 the price of our common stock will likely decline.


 DOWNTURNS IN SALES MAY NOT BE IMMEDIATELY REFLECTED IN OUR REPORTED REVENUES.


 we will bill customers for the entire listing period and would then recognize revenue from those annual listings over the terms of the listing period. As a result
 we anticipate that a significant portion of any revenues we report in future quarters will be deferred revenue from listing agreements entered into and paid for during previous quarters. Because of this deferred revenue
 the revenues we report in any quarter or series of quarters may mask significant downturns in sales and the market acceptance of our cannabis related directories.




 trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As the number of entrants into our market increases
 the possibility of an intellectual property claim against us grows. Our technologies and services may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. Any intellectual property claims
 with or without merit
 could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle
 and could divert management attention from executing our business plan and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 browser and search engine technologies. We may not be successful in either developing such services or timely introducing them to the market. In addition
 uncertainties about the timing and nature of new technologies
 or modifications to existing technologies
 could increase our research and development expenses. The failure of our services to operate effectively with existing and future technologies will limit or reduce the market for our services
 result in customer dissatisfaction and seriously harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND THEREBY REDUCE DEMAND FOR OUR SERVICES.


 search engine providers may enhance or develop services that include functions that are currently provided by our services. If users of our directories are able to effectively locate cannabis related products and services through advanced search engine applications
 the demand for our and services could decrease. Furthermore
 even if our technology provides greater functionality and is more effective than services offered by search engine companies
 potential customers might accept this limited functionality in lieu of purchasing enhancements of our services.




 which could lead to interruptions
 delays
 loss of data or the inability to process searches. Such events could be very expensive to remedy
 could damage our reputation and could discourage existing and potential customers from using our services. We may experience break-ins in the future. Any such events could substantially harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.







 THEY MAY HAVE ERRORS OR DEFECTS THAT USERS IDENTIFY AFTER DEPLOYMENT
 WHICH COULD HARM OUR REPUTATION AND OUR BUSINESS.


 and we may find such errors/defects in the future. The occurrence of errors/defects could adversely affect sales of our services and divert the attention of web development personnel from our website development efforts and cause significant customer relations problems.






 rules and regulations governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis are constantly changing and evolving. Currently
 the medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized in 26 states and Washington D.C. and seven of 7 of the 26 states
 comprised of Alaska
 California
 Colorado
 Maine
 Massachusetts
 Oregon
 and Washington
 plus the District of Columbia
 have approved recreational consumer use of marijuana; but
 pursuant to the federal Controlled Substances Act (&#147;CSA&#148;)
 the possession
 use
. However
 the state laws which authorize and regulate (or prohibit) the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis
 as well as the federal laws prohibiting the same do not currently apply to our business as we are not engaged or participating in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis.


 as the cannabis industry continues to evolve
 increased regulation and oversight by local
 state and federal agencies is likely. For example
 more stringent local or state regulation of the cannabis industry could adversely affect the industry which would in turn adversely affect our business. In addition
 because the industry is in its infancy
 the enforcement of the CSA as it relates to those using and engaging in the cannabis industry
 by the Department of Justice
 also remains an area of uncertainty. For example
 although we do not believe it probable
 if the US Federal Government were to enforce the CSA on a nationwide basis
 the cannabis industry would in effect be abolished
 which would have a material and adverse effect on our business
 rendering us unable to continue as a going concern. 




 various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us. Imposition of Internet and cellular use or other charges imposed by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Internet and cellular services could have a negative impact on our business. Laws and regulations applying to the solicitation
 collection or processing of personal or consumer information could affect our activities. Furthermore
 any regulation imposing additional fees for Internet or cellular use could result in a decline in the use and viability of Internet and cellular communications
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 or timely development of complementary products
 such as high-speed modems. Additionally
 the internet and cellular systems could be adversely affected as information tools due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of Internet/cellular activity
 security
 reliability
 cost
 ease-of-use
 accessibility
 and interest in Internet usage and quality-of-service. If the Internet and cellular services do not continue to be widespread informational media
 demand for our Internet based directory and advertising services could be significantly reduced
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.












We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
500. Under the current arrangement
 the landlord pays taxes
 maintenance and repairs.




 2016
 the Company (&#147;Plaintiff&#148;) instituted a legal action in Arizona against
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 (&#147;TW&#148;).


000 due to the joint venture company by April 29
 2016
 (ii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the last $50
000 convertible note due to the Company by April 29
 2016
 and (iii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund their respective 40% of development expense in excess of the initial $100
000. The Company seeks damages in the amount of $128
000 plus interest.


 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
 and (v) the Company has not provided accounting for all funds received by TW. TW seeks damages in the amount to be determined at trial. The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against them.













ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




 Inc. (&#147;FINRA&#148;) under the symbol &#147;NCAP&#148; on May 12
 2009. There is currently only a very limited trading market for shares of our common stock. Management does not expect any active market to develop in our common stock unless and until we are able to implement our business plan. In any event
 no assurance can be given that any active market for our common stock will ever develop or be maintained.


 the sale of &#147;restricted securities&#148; (common stock) pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC by members of management or any other person to whom any such securities may be issued in the future may have a substantial adverse impact on any such public market. For information regarding the requirements for resale under Rule 144
 see the heading &#147;Rule 144&#148; below. In addition
 of the 114
236
581 shares we had outstanding as of April 17
 2017
 approximately 27
269
633 shares will become freely tradable upon the effectiveness under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement filed on that date. Consequently
 the price of our common stock could drop substantially following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement if significant shares begin to be sold.



 for the periods indicated
 the high and low closing quotations
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board
 and represents prices between dealers
 does not include retail markups
 markdowns or commissions
 and may not represent actual transactions:































































 Yahoo! Finance
 and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions
 retail markups
 mark downs or commissions.




 2017 we had approximately 187 shareholders of record
 not including an indeterminate number of holders who may hold shares in &#147;street name.&#148;




 and unless and until we complete any acquisition
 reorganization or merger
 no such policy will be formulated. There are no material restrictions limiting
 or that are likely to limit
 our ability to pay dividends on our securities.









000
000. 






 2016
 we sold $100
000 of convertible notes and warrants to purchase 4.9% of our issued and outstanding stock
 in connection with our Joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 as disclosed in our Form 8-K Current Report filed with the SEC on March 2
 2016. The warrant to purchase Company common stock has an exercise price of $0.08 per share
 a three-year term and a cashless exercise right.


 2016
 the Company issued 75
000 shares of common stock as settlement of a contract obligation to a vendor valued at $7
500.


 2017
 the Company issued the 400
000 shares of restricted stock as settlement of a prior lawsuit.


 2017
 we sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.025
 for gross proceeds of $25
000
 to an &#147;accredited investor&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 as amended (&#147;the Act&#148;)
 based on the following facts: there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of purchasers
 each of whom the Registrant believes was an &#147;accredited investor&#148; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended) and was sophisticated about business and financial matters
 and all shares issued were subject to restriction on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchaser was not an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the Act.








&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;aim
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;projects
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future
 including statements about our business strategy
 expenditures
 and financial results are forward-looking statements. We believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are accurate. However
 we cannot assure the reader that such expectations will occur. Persons reviewing this Annual Report are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such factors are discussed further below and also include general economic factors and conditions that may directly or indirectly impact our financial condition or results of operations.




 2014
 the Company acquired approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Yong Park (who became our majority shareholder in connection with such acquisition). The list of domain names we acquired is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Commission on June 25
 2014. In consideration of the acquisition of these assets from Kae Yong Park
 we issued her 78.5 million shares of our common stock. In addition
 we issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $500
000
 the payment of $400
000 of which is contingent upon our achieving $150
000 in monthly revenues. See Note 10 - Notes Payable Related Party and Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies
 in each case to the financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2016 filed herewith.







000 installment payment due under the Note would be made July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Kae Yong Park has waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014. Such $100
000 has since been paid to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue.


 subject to receipt of funding
 intends to build additional websites/portals around its owned internet domain names. These websites/portals will serve as directories for businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products.


 hired employees
 leased space
 acquired domain names
 including prior to the acquisition described herein
 engaged consultants and advisors
 completed the construction and launch of its primary website
 &#147;WeedDepot.com&#146;
 negotiated vendor relationships and conducted extensive sales and marketing related activities
 including through search engine optimization
 direct selling efforts
 direct mail
 electronic mail
 social media
 and online advertising.




 we received an aggregate of $185
000 in connection with its joint venture with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. On February 29
 2016
 in connection with this joint venture
 we agreed to sell $150
000 of convertible notes which were to be funded in three equal installments of $50
000. Tumbleweed also agreed to provide an aggregate of $100
000 in funding to the joint venture
 as discussed in Note 4 - Investment in Joint Venture. 


 2016
 we received aggregate proceeds of $100
000 from the issuance of these convertible notes. The final $50
000 tranche was due April 29
 2016
 but has not yet been paid. These notes are convertible into shares of our common stock at a price of $0.20 per share or a total of 250
000 shares each. Interest on these notes is to be payable quarterly in an amount equal to fifty percent of the original face value
 based on a percentage of the joint venture company&#146;s net revenues. This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. Concurrent with this agreement
 we issued the first two of these convertible notes.


 2016
 the joint venture company received aggregate proceeds of $85
000 from Tumbleweed Holdings
 the joint venture partner. The final $15
000 tranche of the joint venture investment was due April 29
 2016 and remains unpaid. We are in litigation with Tumbleweed and are seeking to compel Tumbleweed to comply with its funding obligations under the Joint Venture Agreement.


 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock
 for aggregate net proceeds of $465
500.


 between December 31
 2014 and through April 17
 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant stockholder
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &#147;Park&#148;)
 advanced the Company $1
734
857 for short term capital needs
 of which $241
340 has been repaid
 $65
000 was assigned to an investor and $35
938 has been credited for use of the Company&#146;s personnel. Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor who received a note from the Company to evidence the debt. At April 17
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
407
579 which is secured by the assets of the Company. Because this debt is payable on demand
 the company has classified it as a current liability. 


 2016 and through March 10
 2017
 John Lemak and/or Sandor Capital Master Fund have advanced an aggregate of $100
849 to us to fund basic operating activities. These loans are unsecured interest bearing notes. Sandor Capital Master Fund
 which is controlled by Mr. Lemak
 is a significant shareholder.

Neither Ms. Park nor Mr. Baer are not under any obligation to provide any further funding to us. Ms. Park and her spouse are no longer able to provide ongoing advances to fund our operations
 even on a limited basis. The funding received during 2015 and 2016 is insufficient to fund even our most basic business operations. We have an immediate and urgent need for additional capital. Since early 2015
 we have experienced great difficulty in raising capital from third parties. See &#147;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&#148;







 2016
 we entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent
 as amended (&#147;LOI&#148;)
 to acquire Stargreen Holdings
 LLC
 a Los Angeles
 California
 company (&#147;Stargreen&#148;). The LOI expires April 30
 2017
 subject to extension by agreement. Stargreen has filed applications for licenses/permits to cultivate and dispense legal marijuana and has entered into agreements to acquire/lease properties where it intends to cultivate
 manufacture and dispense products to the legal medical and recreational marijuana markets. These agreements are subject to Stargreen securing funding necessary to consummate these acquisitions. As a condition of closing
 the LOI requires Stargreen to secure
 on mutually agreeable terms
 a minimum investment into our company of $2.5 million (maximum of $23.1 million). To acquire Stargreen
 we expect to issue Stargreen that number of shares of common stock
 such that
 after giving effect to said acquisition (but before the financing)
 Stargreen will own 75% of our issued and outstanding common stock. The closing of the acquisition of Stargreen is subject to various conditions
 including satisfactory completion of due diligence
 negotiation of definitive agreements
 consummation at closing of the minimum $2.5 million funding on mutually agreeable terms and satisfaction prior at closing of certain of our preexisting liabilities. 


 subject to receipt of funding and necessary permits and licenses
 Stargreen intends to build a large portfolio of assets to capitalize on industry supply chain economics by producing services and products at each stage. The planned extraction and cultivation operations will use state of the art equipment and resource management techniques to maximize quality and profitability while minimizing use of natural resources. 






 subjective or complex judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods.


 subjective or complex judgments:




 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability.




 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.








Furniture
 fixtures and equipment


















 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&#146;s carrying value and estimated fair value. 




 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Provision for income taxes consists of federal and state income taxes in the United States. Due to uncertainty as to the realization of benefits from our deferred tax assets
 including net operating loss carry-forwards and other tax credits
 we have a full valuation allowance reserved against such assets. We expect to maintain this full valuation allowance at least in the near term.




 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to fair values of financial instruments
 taxes
 and contingent liabilities
 among others. We base our estimates on the limited historical experience we have and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
 the results of which formed the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities.



Year ended December 31
 2016 Compared to the year ended December 31
 2015


 2016
 as compared with a net loss of approximately $8 million during the comparable prior period. The (all numbers approximate) $6 million decrease in net loss is due primarily to a $3.7 million decrease in non-cash interest expense
 a $1.1 million decrease in general and administrative expense
 a $1.5 million decrease in executive compensation
 a $100
000 decrease in non-cash settlement expense
 a $120
000 decrease in professional fees and an $80
000 decrease in consulting expense (related party)
 partially offset by a $490
000 increase in non-cash losses on securities and a $130
000 increase in non-cash losses on stock deposits. The decrease in interest expense is primarily due to the amortization of one time debt issue costs and discounts on short term debt issued during the prior period. The decrease in executive compensation and general and administrative expenses is primarily due to a reduction in workforce and operations due to cash constraints in the current year. If we are able to raise additional capital
 we expect our operating expenses to increase sharply as we ramp up our operations
 including website development and sales and marketing related activities. 


000 during the year ended December 31
 2016 (about $58
000 per month)
 as compared with $1.5 million during the comparable prior year (or about $125
000 per month). The (all numbers approximate) $800
000 decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net loss of $6 million
 an increase in loss on securities of $500
000 and an increase in stock given for LOI of $131
000
 partially offset by a decrease in interest expense of $3.7 million
 a decrease in stock issued for executive compensation and employment contracts of $1.5 million
 a decrease of $500
000 in stock issued for contracts and a decrease of $100
000 in stock issued for settlements.


 2016 was approximately $28
000 due to the Company&#146;s investments in its joint venture in the current year.







 2016 was approximately $700
000 as compared to approximately $1.5 million in the prior comparable period. The $800
000 decrease was due to a decrease of $500
000 in net proceeds from common stock issuances and a decrease of $400
000 in net proceeds from related party notes
 and an $80
000 decrease in proceeds from notes payable offset by a $100
000 increase in proceeds from convertible notes payable.




 2017
 we had only minimal cash on hand. Consequently
 we have an immediate and extremely urgent need for additional capital. In order to fund our operations on a curtailed basis
 (i) since January 5
 2015
 we have raised $490
500 from the sale of 3
781
285 shares of common stock at an average per share price of $.13
 and (ii) we have issued notes and convertible notes totaling $179
900
 and (iii) between December 31
 2014 and through April 17
 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant stockholder
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &#147;Park&#148;)
 advanced the Company $1
734
857 for short term capital needs
 of which $241
340 has been repaid
 $65
000 was assigned to an investor and $35
938 has been credited for use of Company personnel. Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor who received a note from the Company to evidence the debt. At April 17
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
407
579 which is secured by the assets of the Company. 


 2016
 we had a working capital deficiency of approximately $2.8 million
 compared to a working capital deficiency of approximately $1.6 million at December 31
 2015. The $1.2 million increase in the working capital deficiency was due primarily to a $494
000 increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses (including due to related party) and a $692
000 increase in notes payable (including to related party). Accordingly
 we have essentially been funding our operations using debt and accounts payable. This is not a sustainable way to finance our operations. Consequently
 we need to raise additional capital immediately.


 we have experienced great difficulty raising capital from third parties. The lack of operating capital continues to materially and adversely affect our business operations. Neither Ms. Park nor her spouse are under any obligation to provide any further funding to us. Ms. Park and her spouse are no longer able to provide ongoing advances to fund our operations
 even on a limited basis. 


 we are unable to implement our business plan
 even on a curtailed basis. If we do not receive a significant infusion of capital in the near term
 it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 investors would suffer a total loss of their investment in our Company. 


 we are currently experiencing ongoing negative cash flows from operations.


 we have only minimal cash on hand. Our current cash on hand is insufficient to fund our operations and the implementation of our business plan. As a result
 we have an immediate and urgent need for additional funds. We are seeking to raise funds from third parties
 either in the form of debt or equity.


 we anticipate that our operating and website development activities will use approximately $100
000 in cash per month over the next twelve months
 or $1.2 million. Currently we have virtually no cash on hand
 and consequently
 we are unable to implement our current business plan. We believe that our operations will not begin to generate positive cash flows until at least the second quarter of 2018 (assuming we secure sufficient funding in the near term to implement our business plan
 which we currently do not have). Accordingly
 we have an immediate and extremely urgent need for capital to fund our operating activities.


 we are actively seeking to raise additional funds through the sale of equity and debt securities
 and ultimately we will need to generate substantial positive operating cash flows. Our internal sources of funds will consist of cash flows from operations
 but not until we begin to realize substantial revenues from the sale of services. As previously stated
 we currently have no revenue
 and our operations are generating negative cash flows
 and thus adversely affecting our liquidity. We intend to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financing. In addition
 provided that we are able to secure substantial additional financing
 we expect that our operations will begin to generate revenues around the end of the third quarter of 2017
 which should ameliorate our liquidity deficiency. If we are unable to raise additional funds in the near term
 we will not be able to implement our business plan
 and it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern.







 we may be unable to fully implement our business plan and pay our obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities (see Note 3 to the Financial Statements - Liquidity/Going Concern).


 which we currently do not have
 we expect to incur approximately $175
000 in website development expenditures over the next 12 months (included in the $1.2 million estimate of cash required over the next twelve months). The purpose of these expenditures will be for the development of various Websites/portals we intend to create and acquisition of additional domain names.


 and/or raise additional funds (either through debt or equity)
 we will be unable to fund our website development expenditures
 in which case
 there could be an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.


 we do not believe it is likely that we will raise funds through the sale of debt securities in the near term.


 In June
 2014
 we issued Kae Yong Park a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000
 as partial consideration for the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related internet domain names. We have since paid $100
000 in principal to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month we realize at least $150
000 in gross revenue. This remaining $400
000 balance is currently classified as a noncurrent liability. We believe that we will be able to make the approximate $11
000 monthly payment when (and if) we achieve the monthly $150
000 revenue threshold which triggers our repayment obligation.


 as described above
 as of April 17
 2017
 we are indebted to Kae Park
 a significant shareholder
 and Howard Baer
 her spouse
 in the aggregate amount of $1
407
579
 which is secured by all our assets. As of April 13
 2016 (with an effective date of January 1
 2016)
 $564
000 of the principal due under the note evidencing this indebtedness is interest bearing at the rate of 10% annually with any remainder being non-interest bearing. All amounts due under this note are payable on demand. If demand for payment is made
 and we are unable to pay the amount due
 we would be in default and Ms. Park and Mr. Baer would have the right to sell our assets to satisfy the amounts due them under the promissory note. In such event
 shareholders of the company would like lose their entire investment in the Company.




 2016 and 2015.

























































 Inc.


 Inc. (&#147;the Company&#148;) as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; deficit
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Northsight Capital
 Inc. as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company has suffered net losses since inception and has accumulated a significant deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/ Sadler
 Gibb &amp; Associates
 LLC


 UT

 2017











NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.




December 31
 
December 31














14
405

22
951

Advances &#150; related party
 net








14
405
23
351





131
000

Property and equipment
 net $9
763 and $5
617 depreciation
2
675
6
821

Web Development Costs
 net $134
949 and $73
833 amortization
176
963
249
329


17
361




211
404

410
501









340
805

384
631


704
997
173
942


1
542
217
949
307


79
900
79
900


100
000



2
767
919
1
587
780




Notes payable &#150; related party
 net of current portion
400
000
400
000


3
167
919
1
987
780








Common stock - 200
000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 112
836
581 and 112
761
581 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
112
837
112
762


62
000
62
000


17
552
058
16
966
288


(20
683
410)
(18
718
329)


(2
956
515)
(1
577
279)



211
404

410
501











NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.





December 31


December 31









15
680

13
393





488
116
1
582
021



82
000


180
000
265
993


282
594
1
830
124


212
815
332
172


134
400
103
000


2
327
19
780


1
300
252
4
215
090



(1
284
572)
(4
201
697)





(475
751)



(10
695)



(63
063)
(3
766
145)


(131
000)



(680
509)
(3
766
145)




(1
965
081)
(7
977
842)










(1
965
081)

(7
977
842)





112
818
088
107
987
931

















NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



Years Ended December 31









(1
965
081)

(7
977
872)




4
146
4
145


72
366
62
583



71
832



82
000



1
282
500



502
800



208
000






131
000



102
594
54
156



3
702
272


475
751



10
695






31
500



16
000






(36
326)
349
992


531
055
124
266


(673
400)
(1
485
446)




(28
056)



(28
056)




Proceeds from sale of common stock
 net of offering costs

465
500



79
900


100
000



656
600
1
112
407


(63
690)
(170
100)


692
910
1
487
707


(8
546)
2
261

Cash
 Beginning of Period
22
951
20
690

Cash
 End of Period

14
405

22
951





















131
000





64
934





6
898





16
449



7
500













NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.
































Balance
 December 31
 2014
104
019
196
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;104
019
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;10
536
221

$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(10
740
487)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(100
247)



Common stock sold
 net offering costs
2
781
285
2
782
462
718


465
500




54
156


54
156




3
709
170


3
709
170


1
549
000
1
549
63
385


64
934


3
000







200
000

19
800
62
000

82
000


1
000
000
1
000
1
281
500


1
282
500


1
440
000
1
440
501
360


502
800


100
000

130
900


131
000


1
600
000
1
600
206
400


208
000


69
000






Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2015




(7
977
842)
(7
977
842)


Balance
 December 31
 2015
112
761
581
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;112
762
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;16
966
288
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;62
000
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(18
718
329)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(1
577
279)



75
000

7
425


7
500




102
594


102
594




475
751


475
751

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2016




(1
965
081)
(1
965
081)


Balance
 December 31
 2016
112
836
581
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;112
837
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;17
552
058
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;62
000
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(20
683
410)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;(2
956
515)












NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.

December 31
 2016




 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. John Venners
 our EVP of Operations and a director
 is also a director of Kuboo
 Inc. See Note 17 - Related Party Transactions.


 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#146;s exclusive use.










 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.




 2016 and 2015
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.




 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
 or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value of the share-based payments whichever is more readily determinable. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.







 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards
 based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.








 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability.




 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.








Furniture
 fixtures and equipment












 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&#146;s investment. Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&#146;s Statements of Operations.


 no further losses are recorded in the Company&#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies
 the difference between disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts of the investments are recognized in profit or loss.










 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&#146;s carrying value and estimated fair value. 







 resellers or customers. 



 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. 












 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $328 and $81
568 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.


 2016 and 2015.




 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2016 and 2015.




 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.









 &#147;Earnings Per Share.&#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.


 2016 and 2015
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.




 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements upon adoption




683
410 and have had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. 


 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company raised gross proceeds of $100
000 from non-related parties and $656
600 from related parties in capital through the issuance of notes payable. Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.


 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.




 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&#147;TW&#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company had been developing an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company and TW own 60% and 40% respectively of equity of the joint venture company. Under the joint venture agreement
 the Company and TW agreed as follows:



 in exchange for 60% of the joint venture company.



000 and agreed to contribute an additional $70
000 towards the development of the online web portal
 in exchange for 40% of the joint venture company. With any additional funds required for development to be contributed 60% by the Company and 40% by TW.



000 in principal amount of notes).








000 in principal amount of convertible notes
 convertible into shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. In addition to repayment of principal
 if the joint venture company has revenues
 the notes are entitled to receive a portion of the joint venture company&#146;s operating income until they have received an amount equal to 50% of the face value of the notes.


 2016
 Tumbleweed contributed a total of $85
000 to the joint venture company.


 both parties agreed to issue the other a warrant to purchase 4.9% of their outstanding common stock. Pursuant to this agreement
 TW agreed to issue a warrant to the Company to purchase 9
770
878 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $0.02 per share
 and the Company agreed to issue a warrant to TW to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share
 valued at $475
751. The warrants have a three-year term and a cashless exercise right (see Note 6 &#150; Securities and Note 13 &#150; Stock Warrants for details). As of the date of these financial statements
 TW has not yet issued the warrants due to the Company. Therefore
 the Company has not yet recorded their value on its balance sheet.

The Company&#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&#146;s investment. Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&#146;s Statements of Operations.


 no further losses are recorded in the Company&#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the joint venture company experienced a net loss attributable to the Company&#146;s 60% ownership of $10
695 which is included on the company&#146;s statements of operations.


 2016
 Tumbleweed was in default under the terms of the joint venture agreement and owed the joint venture company the remaining $15
000 in development funding and the Company $50
000 for the final note purchase
 both of which were due by April 29
 2016. Additionally
 Tumbleweed owes the joint venture company $18
904
 representing its 40% share of costs in excess of the first $100
000. The Company is currently in litigation with TW
 seeking to compel TW to comply with its funding obligations under the Joint Venture Agreement.


 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
 and (v) the Company has not provided accounting for all funds received by TW. TW seeks damages in the amount to be determined at trial. The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against them.







 2016 and 2015 is as follows:


December 31
 
December 31
















33
704




33
704





128
936




162
640











34
204




33
704











146
560



(18
125)



128
436




162
640






 2016 and 2015 is as follows:






December 31
 2016

December 31
 2015




































14
525






3
600






18
125













(18
125)













(18
125)













(10
695)









 Tumbleweed Holdings agreed to fund one hundred percent of the first $100
000 of web development costs related to the web site www.jointlovers.com. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Joint Venture Company incurred costs totaling $128
936 related to the development of jointlovers.com as well as $18
125 in general and administrative costs. Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company is responsible for 60% of all costs after the initial $100
000
 representing a total share of $28
056 in the joint venture&#146;s costs. During this same period
 the company paid costs totaling $62
260 on behalf of the Joint Venture Company satisfying the Company&#146;s share of $28
056 while the excess $34
204 is due to the Company. Due to the uncertainty of collectability
 the Company has recorded an allowance for bad debt equaling the amount due. 









 Tumbleweed Holdings agreed to issue the Company a warrant to purchase up to 9
770
878 shares of Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. at an exercise price of $0.02 with an expiration date three years from the date of issuance. At December 31
 2016
 Tumbleweed had not yet issued these warrants to the Company. The Company will record the value of these warrants on its balance sheet once they are received.




 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company did not capitalize any costs incurred towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &#147;yellow pages.&#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $25
184 and $79
205 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. 


 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $72
366 and 62
583 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. 


As of December 31
 2016
As of December 31
 2015



311
912
327
912




(16
000)


(134
949)
(62
583)


176
963

249
329






 2016 and 2015:


As of December 31
 2016
As of December 31
 2015



12
438
12
438



10
996
10
996


(9
763)
(5
617)


2
675

6
821




146 and $4
145 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




 2016
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $704
997 which consisted of the following:










270
500




56
555


Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.

233
466


Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.

3
000

Kuboo
 Inc.
Former parent company
 significant shareholder

141
476


704
997












 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &#147;Park&#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward. Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.


 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral. Repayment terms remain the same
 and Park has to date not enforced the provision requiring repayment upon receipt of net proceeds from capital raising transactions.


 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had accrued interest under this note of $56
555.


 2016
 Park advanced an aggregate of $594
050 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $63
690 of its secured debt to Park. Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor who received a replacement note from the Company to evidence the debt. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
414
667 which is secured by the assets of the Company. Because this debt is payable on demand
 the company has classified it as a current liability.


 2016
 Kae Park
 a significant shareholder
 assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to an investor who is a significant shareholder. The investor received a one-year note from the Company to evidence the debt. Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&#146;s joint venture company&#146;s net revenues
 up to fifty percent of the original face value. This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. See Note 4 &#150; Investment in Joint Venture.


 2016:


Amount due - December 31
 2015

949
307



594
050



(65
000)



(63
690)

Balance due &#150; December 31
 2016

1
414
667




 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue (see Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies).


 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. The Company subsequently recaptured all previously recorded interest expense related to the note.


 2016 and December 30
 2016
 the company received proceeds of $62
550 from a related party and significant shareholder for which a note was issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes
 as extended
 mature on August 1
 2017 and are unsecured. At December 31
 2016
 the company had accrued interest of $125 related to the notes.











 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900. The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually. In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898. The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans. As of December 31
 2016
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $38
032 is in default.


 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each). The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually and has a security interest over the domain www.jointlovers.com. As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918. The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). As of December 31
 2016
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $48
325 is in default.




 2016
 in conjunction with its joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the Company entered an agreement to issue three $50
000
 one year convertible notes. These notes are convertible into shares of the Company&#146;s stock at a price of $0.20 per share or a total of 250
000 shares each Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&#146;s joint venture company&#146;s net revenues
 up to fifty percent of the original face value This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. Concurrent with this agreement
 the Company issued the first of these convertible notes. On April 8
 2016
 the Company issued the second of these convertible notes. As December 31
 2016
 the proceeds from the third note investment of $50
000 had not been received.


 2016 is as follows:







Note dated February 29
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share

50
000


250
000

Note dated April 8
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share

50
000


250
000

Total Dilutive shares &#150;December 31
 2016

100
000


500
000




 2016:







Balance &#150; December 31
 2015

79
900









100
000







Balance &#150;December 31
 2016

79
900


100
000






 2015
 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock for $484
500 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&#146;s fees of $34
950
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $18
500 in cash
 $16
450 through the issuance of 69
100 shares of common stock. 


 2015
 the Company issued 3
000 shares of its common stock valued at $750 as an advertising incentive
 the value of which has been recorded against revenue in the Company&#146;s statements of operations.


 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
549
000 shares of its common stock valued at $64
934 in conjunction with debt agreements.







 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
440
000 shares of its common stock valued at $502
800 for services pursuant to multiple contracts.


 2015
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $252
500 and $230
000
 respectively
 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher
 pursuant to his employment letter.


 2015
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo
 pursuant to his employment letter. Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed in which he agreed to return 500
000 of these shares to the Company. The Company subsequently received the shares on November 19
 2015.


 2015
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of its common stock valued at $131
000 as consideration for an exclusive option to acquire the web portal LaMarihuana.com
 subject to satisfaction of conditions.


 2015
 in conjunction with John Bluher&#146;s resignation as President
 the Company issued 1
600
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $208
000
 as payment in full of all amounts due Mr. Bluher under his employment letter.


 2015
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $20
000 as settlement of a contract dispute.


 2015
 without admitting any responsibility
 the Company agreed in principle to issue 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $62
000 as settlement of legal proceedings
 the value of which is included in Subscription payable on the Company&#146;s Balance Sheet at December 31
 2015
 pending execution of a definitive agreement. The Settlement Agreement was executed in November
 2016 and the 400
000 shares were issued.


 2016
 the Company issued 75
000 shares of common stock as settlement of a contract obligation to a vendor valued at $7
500.




 2015
 the Company entered into an agreement to grant to a lender a two year warrant to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s stock at $0.05 per share in conjunction with a sixty-day loan taken out by the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer; a significant portion of these loan proceeds were advanced by Park/Baer to the Company to fund operations. The note to Park and Baer commenced on May 15th with an initial term of sixty days with an automatic thirty-day extension
 if not paid in full by the maturity date. The Company had agreed that
 if the note were automatically extended
 it would grant an additional warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s stock (on the same terms as the original warrant) as consideration for the extension. On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued an additional 1
000
000 warrants in consideration for the thirty-day extension. On August 5
 2015
 October 3
 2015 and December 5
 2015 the Company issued three additional warrants
 respectively
 to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock
 in each case as consideration for additional sixty (60) day extensions on the debt agreement. These warrants have been expensed as interest. 




 2015
 the Company issued three year warrants to purchase 100
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share in conjunction with debt agreements (see Note 11 &#150; Notes Payable).


 2015 and October 27
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to purchase an aggregate 1
130
285 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 at an exercise price of $0.25 per share
 in conjunction with equity sales. 


 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $32
250 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $19
906 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.







 2016
 in conjunction with the Company&#146;s joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the company agreed to issue a warrant to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. These warrants were valued at $475
751 using the Black-Scholes pricing model
 were fully vested upon issuance and have a cashless exercise provision.


 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $33
236 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $29
720 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $39
638 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.































 2016 is as follows:









Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2015

11
105
285






6
650
318











Balance as December 31
 2016

17
755
603







 2016 are as follows:








Outstanding

Remaining
Contractual Life (in
years)

Exercise Price

Exercisable

Average
Exercise Price






17
755
603








17
755
603





1
208
468




 2016 was $0.09.









 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period.


 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
 would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 a separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.


 2016 and 2015
 respectively:





December 31




December 31






17
755
603


11
105
285




500
000







18
255
603


11
105
285






 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement that requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000 (see Note 17 - Related Party Transactions).


 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue.


 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. 


 2015
 Lee Ori (&#147;Plaintiff&#148;) instituted a legal action in Missouri against us
 Wealthcorp
 LLC
 Winterwalk Capital
 LLC
 Christopher S. Walkup (&#147;Walkup&#148;)
 Marshall P. Winters and Paradigm Healthcare Solutions
 LLC. The complaint alleged that (i) Walkup represented to the Plaintiff that he had the right to subscribe to shares of our common stock at a per share price of $.25 and (ii) that Walkup was the Company&#146;s agent and individually and in such alleged agency capacity offered to sell Plaintiff an aggregate of 1
075
000 shares of company common stock for a total purchase price of $425
000. The Complaint alleges that we are liable to the Plaintiff for the acts and omissions of Walkup
 based on the allegation that he was our agent. The complaint seeks from us and Walkup (1) 1
075
000 shares of our common stock and (2) money damages in the amount of $425
000.


 the Company and the Plaintiff have settled the matter. Under the settlement agreement
 the Company agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at $62
000 to the Plaintiff as consideration for the settlement. These shares are being issued after the date of these financial statements. In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue an additional 275
000 shares as liquidated damages if it breaches a certain material representation to be included in the settlement agreement. The Company will value these if and when the shares become issuable.


 2016
 the Company instituted a legal action in Arizona against
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 (&#147;TW&#148;). The complaint alleged that (i) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the remaining $15
000 due to the joint venture company by April 29
 2016
 (ii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the last $50
000 convertible note due to the Company by April 29
 2016
 and (iii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund their respective 40% of development expense in excess of the initial $100
000. The Company seeks damages in the amount of $128
000 plus interest.







 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
 and (v) the Company has not provided accounting for all funds received by TW. TW seeks damages in the amount to be determined at trial. The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against them.






 2016 and 2015
 the Company had net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $5
434
137 and $4
333
812
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
 2011 and 2010.


 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows:








(5633
041)

(4
333
812)





(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)


(8
473
442)
(7
668
510)


5
312
555
5
270
524


415
621
415
621


93
322
61
977


144
913
144
913


199
287



2
307
744
1
775
475










307
744 and $1
775
000 at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $532
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
 2016.


 2016 and 2015 are as follows:








(804
932)

(3
268
362)


42
031
2
355
856



33
594


31
345
56
765


199
287



532
269
822
147


















 2014
 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Kae Park (the &#147;Seller&#148;)
 who became a related party upon the closing of the acquisition
 which occurred on June 23
 2014.


 the Company agreed to acquire approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which
 the Company:






000. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the Company was required to pay the remaining balance of $400
000 in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue; and



000 (&#147;Royalty Payment&#148;). The Royalty Payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company has gross revenues in excess of $150
000.


 2014
 the Company amended and restated the promissory note to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014
 at which point such $100
000 was paid.


 the Seller was required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve-month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company was required to pay the Seller $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
 on the first of each month thereafter.


 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc. our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Currently
 the Company is renting approximately 6
100 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
500. During the year ended December 31
 2016 the company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $138
000 for rent and allocated rent expenses of $3
600 to the Joint Venture Company.


 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate of $594
050 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period
 the Company also repaid $63
690 of its secured debt to Park. Additionally
 on May 11
 2016
 Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor for which the Company issued the investor a one-year replacement note for $65
000. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
414
667 which is secured by the assets of the Company. 


 2016
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder.


 2016
 the Company received funds related to its joint venture of $85
000 and spent cash on behalf of its joint venture totaling $147
261. During this period
 the Company&#146;s 60% share of the joint venture&#146;s expenses were $127
356. The remaining $34
204 is due from the Joint Venture Company
 and is included in advances &#150; related party.


 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. The remaining principal is non-interest bearing. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $56
555.









 there were no additional reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.




 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company of $36
400
 have received repayments of $7
550
 and have credited $35
938 against the amount due them
 in exchange for the use of Company personnel
 leaving a balance due of $1
407
579 at April 17
 2017. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including all of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets
 non-interest bearing and payable on demand.




 2017
 the Company issued 400
000 previously accrued shares of the Company&#146;s commons stock as settlement of its lawsuit with Lee Ori (see Note 15 &#150; Commitments and Contingencies).


 2017
 we sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.025
 for gross proceeds of $25
000
 to an &#147;accredited investor&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.















 our Management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report were not effective. This was due in large part a lack of duty separation caused by our small corporate structure. As we grow
 Management plans to implement more stringent disclosure controls and procedures. 


 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within us have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.






 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.


&#151;2013
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this evaluation
 our Principal Executive Officer and Financial Controller
 concluded that
 as of December 31
 2016
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
 based on having insufficient resources to establish an effective control environment during 2016. 






 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.









ITEM 10: DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




 positions and biographical information are set forth below.









Executive Vice President
 Operations Director
August 5
 2015

 2014




July 1
 2015





 Mr. Venners has
 since August 5
 2015
 been our Executive Vice President
 Operations and has since August 18
 2014
 served as a member of the board of directors of the Company. He also served as our interim president from May 31
 2011 through March 24
 2014. The Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Venners should serve as a member of our board of directors based upon his experience in governmental relations. 


 2010
 Mr. Venners has been President
 CEO
 and a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 an Arizona based company focused on developing an internet portal that provides a safe environment for children to use and learn about the internet. Kuboo
 Inc.is a significant shareholder of the Company and may be considered an affiliate of the Company. In addition
 John Bluher
 our CEO and one of our directors is also a director of Kuboo
 Inc.


 since May and February
 2011
 also served as Treasurer and director (respectively) of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.
 a subsidiary of Kuboo which was developing a corporate security business.


 2008
 Mr. Venners has served as President of BioEcoTek &#150; Hawaii
 a company engaged in the waste-to-energy business. In June
 2009
 Mr. Venners founded and has since been President of Harbor Energy Capital
 a renewable energy consulting business. Prior to January
 2008 and since 1976
 Mr. Venners was President of Venners and Company
 Ltd.
 a Washington D.C based energy consulting firm.

 Effective July 1
 2015
 Mr. Dean was appointed a director by our Board of Directors. Mr. Dean will serve on the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is duly elected
 subject to earlier resignation or removal. &nbsp;


 including mergers and acquisitions
 public and private financing
 management buy-outs and corporate divestitures.




 as amended (&#147;Section 16(a)&#148;)
 requires our Directors and executive officers
 and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities (collectively
 &#147;Section 16 reporting persons&#148;)
 to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our Common Stock and other equity securities. Section 16 reporting persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


 based solely on a review of the copies of any such reports furnished to us
 none of the Section 16 reporting persons failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to our most recent fiscal year
 except John Hollister
 our former CEO
 failed to file two Form 4s to report two common stock purchase warrants (each for 375
000 shares) granted in June and October
 2016.















 without limitation
 independence
 integrity
 business experience
 education
 accounting and financial expertise
 reputation
 civic
 community and industry relationships and industry knowledge. In nominating an existing director for re-election to the Board of Directors
 the Directors will consider and review an existing director&#146;s Board and Committee attendance
 performance and length of service.




 due to our relatively low material operations and the fact that we presently have only three directors and one executive officer
 we believe that we are able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by an Audit Committee. Following significant increases in our business operations
 a further review of this issue will no doubt be necessary.




 the &#147;Named Executive Officers&#148;) during or with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2016
 2015
 and 2014.










(1
3
4)




John Hollister
 



$102
594

$102
594





$51
048

$51
048








John Venners
 EVP Operations

$180
000



180
000



$73
973



73
973









William Lupo
 Former CEO










$800
000

$800
000








John Bluher
 Former CEO









$207
000

$482
500
$36
000
$725
500


$162
500
$50
000
$1
651
500
$23
000
$1
887
000









Former President
 Treasurer








$15
000



$15
000





 2015
 John Hollister became our interim CEO. His agreement provides for a base salary of $400
000 annually and a $35
000 signing bonus subject to deferral until certain equity benchmarks are met as well as warrants to purchase an aggregate five million shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.09 per share. The warrants are issuable as follows: 500
000 warrants within 5 business days of signing and 4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments of 375
000
 commencing December 31
 2015
 for so long as Mr. Hollister was employed by the Company. The amounts previously reported as deferred Salary and Bonus were recaptured upon Mr. Hollister&#146;s resignation
Mr. Hollister resigned as Interim CEO effective November 13
 2016.



 2015
 Mr. Venners became our Executive Vice President
 Operations. His agreement provides for an annual base salary of $180
000. Mr. Venners resigned from his previous position as President
 Treasurer and Secretary on March 24
 2014. Between March 2014 and August 2015
 Mr. Venners provided consulting services to the Company which are included in consulting expense &#150; related party in our statements of operations.








 2015
 the Company appointed William Lupo
 Jr. as its CEO and issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 pursuant to his employment letter. Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed for which he agreed to waive all accrued salary and subsequently returned 500
000 of these shares to the Company.



 Jr.
 Mr. Bluher stepped down as CEO and was appointed President. Effective September 11
 2015
 Mr. Bluher resigned as President at which time unpaid salaries and expense reimbursements due under his employment contract totaling $208
000 were settled with the issuance of 1
600
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.



 Secretary and Treasurer on March 24
 2014 and resigned on August 18
 2014
 following the appointment of John Bluher as our CEO. Mr. Gorman was through the date of his resignation being paid an annual salary of $36
000 for serving as our part time and interim President
 treasurer and Secretary.




 which also functions as our Compensation Committee
 intends to adopt a performance-based bonus program for the Company&#146;s executive officers.




 but we expect to adopt one in the near term.




 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $33
236 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $29
720 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $39
638 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.




 with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.


 2016
 Directors who were compensated as employees received no additional compensation for service on our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors plans to establish a compensation plan for nonemployee directors
 in connection with our appointment of such director(s).


 in order to align their interests with those of the shareholders
 each non-employee Director may also be granted rights to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price to be determined by the Board of Directors. We also expect that all or a portion of these rights will vest monthly on a pro rata basis over each non-employee Director&#146;s initial term as a Director.








 deferred compensation or long-term incentive plan awards were issued or granted to our management during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015. Furthermore
 no member of our management has been granted any option or stock appreciation rights; accordingly
 no tables relating to such items have been included within this item. 











 2017
 for (i) each person named in the &#147;Summary Compensation Table&#148; as a current Named Executive Officer
 (ii) each current director individually
 (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group
 and (iv) each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding common stock. The address for our executive officers and directors is in care of Northsight Capital
 Inc.
 7740 East Evans Rd.
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260.











 AZ 85260
23
590
932




4
000
000








Kuboo
 Inc.
8
166
666




 AZ 85260



37
380
305


2828 Routh St.
 Suite 500




9
500
941




 AZ 85267



&nbsp;12
166
666








 all persons have sole voting and investment power over the shares listed. A person is deemed
 as of any date
 to have &#147;beneficial ownership&#148; of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date.



236
581 shares of our common stock outstanding on April 17
 2016



 Inc.



 in which capacity
 he manages the fund&#146;s assets and day to day business activities. The shares beneficially owned above include warrants to purchase an additional aggregate 10
130
285 shares of common stock held by Sandor Capital Master Fund.



 LLC
 Winterwalk
 LLC and Christopher Walkup
 who is a managing member of each of Wealthcorp
 LLC and Winterwalk
 LLC.



 Inc.







 directly or indirectly
 has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such securities
 and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days. Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options
 warrants or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned by that person. Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person. 




 not applicable.




 not applicable.

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE




 Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former majority shareholder
 acquired 10
000
000 shares of our common stock on May 31
 2011 for $250
000 in cash
 and in connection therewith
 acquired control of our company. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 Kuboo
 Inc. paid $35
248 on our behalf in payment of our operating expenses
 consisting primarily of professional and other fees related to being a public company. These payments were treated as a contribution to our capital. Kuboo
 Inc. did not pay any of our expenses during the year ended December 31
 2014. John Venners
 A member of our board
 and his spouse
 Angela McGlowan
 are each a member of the Board of Directors of Kuboo
 Inc. Mr. Venners is also President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc. As of February 28
 2017
 Kuboo owns 8
166
666 shares of our outstanding common stock (or about 7.24%). Accordingly
 Kuboo
 Inc. may be deemed an affiliate/related party of our Company.


 we entered into an agreement with certain of our shareholders (&#147;Principal Shareholders&#148;)
 and Kuboo
 Inc. By way of background
 in May 2011
 we
 Kuboo and the Principal shareholders entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (&#147;SPA&#148;) and we and the Principal Shareholders entered into a Principal Shareholders Agreement (&#147;PSA&#148;). Under the April 2014 agreement
 (i) the Principal Shareholders released us and Kuboo from any obligation to pay them an additional $50
000 under the PSA or SPA (or otherwise)
 (ii) we released Kuboo from any obligation under the SPA to pay us the additional $50
000 specified in the SPA
 (iii) the Principal Shareholders agreed to surrender 1
675
604 shares of our common stock to us for cancellation (iv) the Principal Shareholders released us from any obligation to register their Company common stock shares pursuant to section 10.2 of the SPA or otherwise
 and (v) we agreed to include on a piggyback basis an aggregate of 300
000 shares of common stock on each of the next two Securities Act registration statements we file (an aggregate of 600
000 shares of common stock).


 April 9
 2014
 the Principal Shareholders surrendered to us for cancellation 1
675
604 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in accordance with the April 2014 Agreement described above.


 2014
 we issued an aggregate of 3
730
000 restricted shares of our common stock to the shareholders of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. (other than Kuboo
 Inc.
 our then parent company)
 in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The shares were issued in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the shareholders&#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. 


 2014
 we completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names (&#147;Acquisition&#148;)
 in exchange for which
 the Company issued to Kae Yong Park
 the seller
 (i) 78.5 million shares of our restricted common stock which represented approximately 81% of our then issued and outstanding common stock and (ii) a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;). The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum. The Note was originally payable as follows: upon our receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the remaining balance of $400
000 was payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month we realize at least $150
000 in gross revenue.







 2014
 we amended and restated the Note owing to Kae Yong Park (our then majority shareholder) to provide that we would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the Note. The Note
 as amended and restated
 otherwise remains in full force and effect.


 the Seller was required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve-month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company was required to pay the Seller $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
 on the first of each month thereafter.


 in connection with our raising an additional $917
500 in capital
 including $105
000 in connection with warrant exercises at $.20 per share
 as a further inducement to the purchasers
 Kae Yong Park transferred an aggregate of 3
775
000 shares of our common stock to persons in connection with their purchase from us of a like number of shares. That is
 for each share an investor purchased from us
 Ms. Park transferred one share of common stock to such purchaser. As consideration for her transferring such shares of our common stock to these purchasers
 we paid Ms. Park an aggregate of $75
500 (or $.02 per share).


 2014
 we paid an aggregate of $178
378 to Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of our then controlling shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 in consideration for the purchase of cannabis related internet domain names and related services rendered. The amounts paid to Howard R Baer for the purchase of cannabis related Internet domain names was based upon Mr. Baer&#146;s cost plus a fee for Mr. Baer&#146;s services equal on average to approximately 15% of his cost. 


 2014
 we paid a total of $270
000 to Kuboo
 Inc.
 a significant shareholder (the President of which is a director and EVP of our Company
 and a former director of which was our CEO) as payment for rent as well as its portion of salaries/consulting fees related to our use of certain Kuboo employees and consultants
 one of whom is John Venners
 a director and EVP
 and one of whom is Howard Baer
 the spouse of one of our significant shareholders. Payments made to Kuboo
 Inc. during this period included reimbursements to Kuboo
 Inc. of (i) $62
000 for consulting services rendered by Howard Baer
 the spouse of the one of our significant shareholders and (ii) $49
000 for consulting services rendered by John Venners
 one of the our directors. During this same time period
 we recognized rent expense of $34
000 and salary and consulting expenses of $151
950. At December 31
 2014
 the Company had a payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $37
176 for rent
 consulting fees and contract labor.


 Kae Yong Park
 advised the Company that on September 3
 2014
 she gifted an aggregate 2
100
000 shares to two related parties of the Company as follows: 2
000
000 shares to John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors and the President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc (a significant shareholder) and 100
000 shares to John Gorman
 an employee and former President and director of the Company. The Company deemed this transfer to be in consideration for services and accordingly recorded a non-cash expense of $4
599
000 ($2.19 per share) for the fair value of the shares transferred. This amount is included in consulting expense &#150; related party on the condensed statement of operations.


 2014
 we entered into a business advisory services agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) with Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 our then controlling shareholder. This Agreement supersedes the consulting agreement between us and HR Baer Consulting
 LLC (controlled by Howard R. Baer)
 dated May 30
 2014
 under which no compensation was paid to Mr. Baer and which was terminated effective September 1
 2014. Under the Agreement
 Mr. Baer is required to render such business advisory services to us as we may request
 including with respect to budgeting
 website development and sales and marketing with respect to our various web portals
 including WeedDepot.com. The Agreement provides that Mr. Baer will be paid $15
000 per month for these services and requires Mr. Baer to devote at least 100 hours per month to rendering business advisory services to us. The Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason upon written notice to the other party. During both years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000
 related to this contract and had an outstanding balance related to this contract of $ 270
500 at December 31
 2016.


 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc. our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Currently
 the Company is renting approximately 6
100 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
500. During the year ended December 31
 2016 the company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $138
000 for rent and allocated rent expenses of $3
600 to the Joint Venture Company.


 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate of $594
050 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period
 the Company also repaid $63
690 of its secured debt to Park. On May 11
 2016
 Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor
 in connection with which the Company issued the investor a one-year replacement note for $65
000. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
414
667 which is secured by the assets of the Company. 







 2016
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder.


 2016
 the Company received funds related to its joint venture of $85
000 and spent cash on behalf of its joint venture totaling $147
261. During this period
 the Company&#146;s 60% share of the joint venture&#146;s expenses were $127
356. The remaining $32
204 is due from the Joint Venture Company
 and is included in advances &#150; related party.


 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. The remaining principal is non-interest bearing. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $56
555.




 we have elected to use the definition of &#147;independence&#148; set forth in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. After considering all relevant relationships and transactions
 our board of directors has determined that none of our directors are &#147;independent&#148; within the meaning of the applicable listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 except for Mr. Dean. The Company does not at this time have separate Audit
 Compensation
 or Nominating and Governance Committees. Instead
 the full board of directors has the responsibility of selecting and working with our independent auditors
 setting executive compensation
 and selecting individuals to be nominated for election to the board of directors. We anticipate enlarging our Board of Directors and filling one or more of the resulting vacancies with directors who are &#147;independent&#148; within the meaning of applicable listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market.




 2016 and 2015:










40
250


47
500




























40
250


47
500







 Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning.

 Consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants
 other than the services reported under &#147;Audit fees
&#148; &#147;Audit-related fees
&#148; and &#147;Tax fees&#148; above.




 there is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However
 we do require approval in advance of the performance of professional services to be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally
 all services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant.








ITEM 15: EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES









Articles of Incorporation
 as amended (1)





Asset Purchase Agreement between the Company and Kae Park
 dated May 2
 2014 (2)


Amended and Restated Promissory Note issued to Kae Yong Park July 25
 2014 (3)


Agreement with Howard R. Baer dated December 2
 2014 (5)





Amended and Restated Promissory Note Issued to Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer Dated September 30
 2015 (6)





Lease Agreement with Kuboo
 Inc. dated May 19
 2015 (4)


Security Agreement with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer Dated September 30
 2015 (6)


Employment agreement of John B. Hollister dated October 21
 2015 (6)


Joint Venture Agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 dated February 29
 2016 (7)


Form of Convertible Note issued to Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 dated February 29
 2016 (7)


Form of Note issued to Sandor Capital Master Fund dated May 11
 2016 (8)









Filed as Exhibits to our Form S-1 Registration Statement on July 11
 2008 and incorporated herein by reference.
 Filed as Exhibit 4.01 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7
 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.
 Filed as Exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed on May 20
 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
 Filed as Exhibits to our Form 10K filed on May 20
 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
 Filed as Exhibit to our Form S-1 Registration Statement on December 12
 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.
 Filed as Exhibits to our Form 10Q filed on November 20
 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
 Filed as Exhibits to our Form 10K filed on April 14
 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.
 Filed as Exhibits to our Form 10Q filed on May 16
 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.












 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



















John P. Venners
 EVP Operations
 Director






NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.















John P. Venners
 EVP Operations
 Director




































 John P. Venners
 Executive Vice President of Operations and Director of Northsight Capital
 Inc. certify that:


 Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.




















John P. Venners
 EVP Operations
 Director



































 Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Annual Report&#148;)
 I
 John P. Venners
 Executive Vice President of Operations and Director of the Registrant
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Registrant.





















John P. Venners
 EVP Operations
 Director





















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20161231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt









































		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20161231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt

























































































































































































































	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&amp;#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. John Venners
 our EVP of Operations and a director
 is also a director of Kuboo
 Inc. See Note 17 - Related Party Transactions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s principal business is to provide a wide variety of online directories for a broad range of businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products. The following constitute the Company&amp;#146;s major product categories: a monthly listing in one or more of the Company&amp;#146;s online directories


 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Risk and Uncertainties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Share-based compensation awards
 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&amp;#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
 or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value of the share-based payments whichever is more readily determinable. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by our assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include
 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards
 based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of various payments that the Company has made in advance for goods or services to be received in the future. These prepaid expenses include service contracts paid in advance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accounts receivable represents obligations from customers that are subject to normal collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Property and Equipment/Web Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;53%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:53.42%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;54%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.6%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;5%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.1%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:40.32%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:7.2pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;54%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.6%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;5%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.1%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:40.32%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;54%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.6%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;5%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.1%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:40.32%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Investment in joint Venture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&amp;#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&amp;#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&amp;#146;s investment. Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&amp;#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&amp;#146;s Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;When the Company&amp;#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies
 the difference between disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts of the investments are recognized in profit or loss.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&amp;#146;s carrying value and estimated fair value. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Persuasive &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;evidence of an arrangement exists. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&amp;#146;s distributors
 resellers or customers. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Delivery has occurred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The fee is fixed or determinable. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company assesses whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the terms associated with the transaction.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Collection is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt; The Company assesses collectability based on credit analysis and payment history.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Revenue for ads sold is recognized upon delivery of the advertising or is amortized over the time period the advertisement runs using the straight-line method if the advertising contract spans multiple periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Advertising and Promotion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $328 and $81
568 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The fair values of the Company&amp;#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#147;Financial Instruments
&amp;#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2016 and 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Loss Contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Earnings per Share Policy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share.&amp;#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;From time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective


683
410 and have had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company raised gross proceeds of $100
000 from non-related parties and $656
600 from related parties in capital through the issuance of notes payable. Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;In the event the Company does not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of its common stock or from debt financing
 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition


 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company did not capitalize any costs incurred towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &amp;#147;yellow pages.&amp;#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $25
184 and $79
205 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company amortizes web development costs over their related useful lives (approximately 1 to 5 years)
 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $72
366 and 62
583 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Amortization Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;311
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;327
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Less: recapture of costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(16
000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(134
949)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(62
583)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;176
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;249


 2016 and 2015:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;12
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;12
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;10
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;10
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(9
763)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(5
617)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;6
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company records depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the related asset (approximately 3 years). The Company recorded depreciation expense of $4
146 and $4
145 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015


 2016
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $704
997 which consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Party Name:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Relationship:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;270
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;56
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;John Venners&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;233
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;John Venners&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Advances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Former parent company
 significant shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Rent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;141
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;704


 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &amp;#147;Park&amp;#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward. Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &amp;#147;event of default&amp;#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On September 30
 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral. Repayment terms remain the same
 and Park has to date not enforced the provision requiring repayment upon receipt of net proceeds from capital raising transactions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had accrued interest under this note of $56
555.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 Park advanced an aggregate of $594
050 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $63
690 of its secured debt to Park. Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor who received a replacement note from the Company to evidence the debt. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
414
667 which is secured by the assets of the Company. Because this debt is payable on demand
 the company has classified it as a current liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On May 11
 2016
 Kae Park
 a significant shareholder
 assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to an investor who is a significant shareholder. The investor received a one-year note from the Company to evidence the debt. Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&amp;#146;s joint venture company&amp;#146;s net revenues
 up to fifty percent of the original face value. This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. See Note 4 &amp;#150; Investment in Joint Venture.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#146;s balance for these advances for the year ended December 31
 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Amount due - December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;949
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Advances received from Park&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;594
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Debt assigned to investor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(65
000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Repayments made to Park&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(63
690)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Balance due &amp;#150; December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1
414
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue (see Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&amp;#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. The Company subsequently recaptured all previously recorded interest expense related to the note.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Between December 1
 2016 and December 30
 2016
 the company received proceeds of $62
550 from a related party and significant shareholder for which a note was issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes
 as extended
 mature on August 1
 2017 and are unsecured. At December 31
 2016


 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900. The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually. In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898. The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans. As of December 31
 2016
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $38
032 is in default.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On August 10
 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each). The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually and has a security interest over the domain www.jointlovers.com. As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918. The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). As of December 31
 2016
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $48
325 is in default.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Convertible Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On February 29
 2016
 in conjunction with its joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &amp;#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the Company entered an agreement to issue three $50
000
 one year convertible notes. These notes are convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock at a price of $0.20 per share or a total of 250
000 shares each Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&amp;#146;s joint venture company&amp;#146;s net revenues
 up to fifty percent of the original face value This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. Concurrent with this agreement
 the Company issued the first of these convertible notes. On April 8
 2016
 the Company issued the second of these convertible notes. As December 31
 2016
 the proceeds from the third note investment of $50
000 had not been received.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Dilutive shares associated with convertible notes outstanding at December 31
 2016 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Principal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:61.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Note dated February 29
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Note dated April 8
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Dilutive shares &amp;#150;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#146;s notes and convertible notes payable for the year ended December 31
 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:61.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Convertible Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Balance &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;79
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Note proceeds received&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Repayments on notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Balance &amp;#150;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;79
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;100


 2015
 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock for $484
500 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&amp;#146;s fees of $34
950
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $18
500 in cash
 $16
450 through the issuance of 69
100 shares of common stock. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On February 12
 2015
 the Company issued 3
000 shares of its common stock valued at $750 as an advertising incentive
 the value of which has been recorded against revenue in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Between July 1 and August 10
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
549
000 shares of its common stock valued at $64
934 in conjunction with debt agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Between August 20 and November 30
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
440
000 shares of its common stock valued at $502
800 for services pursuant to multiple contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On January 1 and April 1
 2015
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $252
500 and $230
000
 respectively
 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher
 pursuant to his employment letter.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo
 pursuant to his employment letter. Upon Mr. Lupo&amp;#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed in which he agreed to return 500
000 of these shares to the Company. The Company subsequently received the shares on November 19
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On July 1
 2015
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of its common stock valued at $131
000 as consideration for an exclusive option to acquire the web portal LaMarihuana.com
 subject to satisfaction of conditions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On September 16
 2015
 in conjunction with John Bluher&amp;#146;s resignation as President
 the Company issued 1
600
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $208
000
 as payment in full of all amounts due Mr. Bluher under his employment letter.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On October 9
 2015
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $20
000 as settlement of a contract dispute.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 without admitting any responsibility
 the Company agreed in principle to issue 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $62
000 as settlement of legal proceedings
 the value of which is included in Subscription payable on the Company&amp;#146;s Balance Sheet at December 31
 2015
 pending execution of a definitive agreement. The Settlement Agreement was executed in November
 2016 and the 400
000 shares were issued.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On March 30
 2016
 the Company issued 75
000 shares of common stock as settlement of a contract obligation to a vendor valued at $7


 2015
 the Company entered into an agreement to grant to a lender a two year warrant to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock at $0.05 per share in conjunction with a sixty-day loan taken out by the Company&amp;#146;s then majority shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer; a significant portion of these loan proceeds were advanced by Park/Baer to the Company to fund operations. The note to Park and Baer commenced on May 15th with an initial term of sixty days with an automatic thirty-day extension
 if not paid in full by the maturity date. The Company had agreed that
 if the note were automatically extended
 it would grant an additional warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock (on the same terms as the original warrant) as consideration for the extension. On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued an additional 1
000
000 warrants in consideration for the thirty-day extension. On August 5
 2015
 October 3
 2015 and December 5
 2015 the Company issued three additional warrants
 respectively
 to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock
 in each case as consideration for additional sixty (60) day extensions on the debt agreement. These warrants have been expensed as interest. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company applied fair value accounting for all warrants issued. The fair value of each warrant granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value at the commitment date for the above warrants were based upon the following management assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On July 1
 2015
 the Company issued three year warrants to purchase 100
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share in conjunction with debt agreements (see Note 11 &amp;#150; Notes Payable).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Between September 29
 2015 and October 27
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to purchase an aggregate 1
130
285 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 at an exercise price of $0.25 per share
 in conjunction with equity sales. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On October 21
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $32
250 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On December 31
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $19
906 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On February 29
 2016
 in conjunction with the Company&amp;#146;s joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &amp;#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the company agreed to issue a warrant to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. These warrants were valued at $475
751 using the Black-Scholes pricing model
 were fully vested upon issuance and have a cashless exercise provision.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On March 31
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $33
236 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On June 30
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $29
720 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On September 30
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $39
638 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company has applied fair value accounting for all warrants issued. The fair value of each warrant granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value at the commitment date for the above warrants were based upon the following management assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:175.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;128&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:96pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Commitment Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:175.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;122&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:91.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:175.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;122&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:91.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;163% - 177%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:175.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Expected term:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;122&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:91.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2 - 3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:175.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Risk free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;122&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:91.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.55% &amp;#150; 1.06%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;A summary of the Company&amp;#146;s warrant activity for the year ended December 31
 2016 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Number of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;11
105
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;6
650
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.5pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.25pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Exercised/settled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Balance as December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.5pt;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.25pt;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s outstanding warrants at December 31
 2016 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;429&quot; colspan=&quot;11&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:321.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;281&quot; colspan=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:210.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;104&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:78pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Exercise Price Range&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:66.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;NumberOutstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;114&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:85.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Weighted AverageRemainingContractual Life (inyears)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;107&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:80.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Weighted AverageExercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:66.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;NumberExercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;91&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:68pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;WeightedAverageExercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;91&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:68.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Intrinsic Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:74.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$0.05 - $0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;106&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:79.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:74.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#dfdfdf 1pt solid;width:63.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1
208
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;85&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The weighted average fair value per warrant issued during the year ended December 31


 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Since the Company reflected a net loss for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
 would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 a separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company has the following common stock equivalents at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Warrants (exercise price $0.05 - $0.25/share)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;11
105
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Convertible debt (exercise price $0.20/share)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;18
255
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;11
105


 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement that requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&amp;#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000 (see Note 17 - Related Party Transactions).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&amp;#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On August 7
 2015
 Lee Ori (&amp;#147;Plaintiff&amp;#148;) instituted a legal action in Missouri against us
 Wealthcorp
 LLC
 Winterwalk Capital
 LLC
 Christopher S. Walkup (&amp;#147;Walkup&amp;#148;)
 Marshall P. Winters and Paradigm Healthcare Solutions
 LLC. The complaint alleged that (i) Walkup represented to the Plaintiff that he had the right to subscribe to shares of our common stock at a per share price of $.25 and (ii) that Walkup was the Company&amp;#146;s agent and individually and in such alleged agency capacity offered to sell Plaintiff an aggregate of 1
075
000 shares of company common stock for a total purchase price of $425
000. The Complaint alleges that we are liable to the Plaintiff for the acts and omissions of Walkup
 based on the allegation that he was our agent. The complaint seeks from us and Walkup (1) 1
075
000 shares of our common stock and (2) money damages in the amount of $425
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Without admitting any responsibility
 the Company and the Plaintiff have settled the matter. Under the settlement agreement
 the Company agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at $62
000 to the Plaintiff as consideration for the settlement. These shares are being issued after the date of these financial statements. In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue an additional 275
000 shares as liquidated damages if it breaches a certain material representation to be included in the settlement agreement. The Company will value these if and when the shares become issuable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On August 15
 2016
 the Company instituted a legal action in Arizona against
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 (&amp;#147;TW&amp;#148;). The complaint alleged that (i) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the remaining $15
000 due to the joint venture company by April 29
 2016
 (ii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the last $50
000 convertible note due to the Company by April 29
 2016
 and (iii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund their respective 40% of development expense in excess of the initial $100
000. The Company seeks damages in the amount of $128
000 plus interest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On September 22
 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets


 2016 and 2015
 the Company had net operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $5
434
137 and $4
333
812
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
 2011 and 2010.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The deferred tax asset at December 31
 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;457&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:343.1pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Income Tax Footnote&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:71.2pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:73.2pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Cumulative NOL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(5633
041)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(4
333
812)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Deferred Tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -15.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(8
473
442)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(7
668
510)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;5
312
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;5
270
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;415
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;415
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;93
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;61
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Impairment expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;144
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;144
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Unrealized losses on investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;199
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2
307
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1
775
475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company has taken a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately $2
307
744 and $1
775
000 at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $532
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&amp;#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;470&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:352.6pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:71.2pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:73.2pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Book income (loss) from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -12pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(804
932)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(3
268
362)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;42
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2
355
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;33
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;31
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;56
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Unrealized losses on investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;199
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;532
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;822


 2014
 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Kae Park (the &amp;#147;Seller&amp;#148;)
 who became a related party upon the closing of the acquisition
 which occurred on June 23
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Under this agreement
 the Company agreed to acquire approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which
 the Company:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(a)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Issued to the Seller on the closing date 78.5 million shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock which represented approximately 81% of the Company&amp;#146;s issued and outstanding common stock upon the closing;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(b)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Issued to the Seller a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the Company was required to pay the remaining balance of $400
000 in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(c)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Is obligated to pay a monthly royalty to the Seller equal to the product of (i) six percent (6%) and (ii) the excess of the Company&amp;#146;s gross monthly revenue over $150
000 (&amp;#147;Royalty Payment&amp;#148;). The Royalty Payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company has gross revenues in excess of $150
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated the promissory note to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014
 at which point such $100
000 was paid.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;In addition
 the Seller was required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve-month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company was required to pay the Seller $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
 on the first of each month thereafter.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc. our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Currently
 the Company is renting approximately 6
100 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
500. During the year ended December 31
 2016 the company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $138
000 for rent and allocated rent expenses of $3
600 to the Joint Venture Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate of $594
050 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period
 the Company also repaid $63
690 of its secured debt to Park. Additionally
 on May 11
 2016
 Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor for which the Company issued the investor a one-year replacement note for $65
000. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
414
667 which is secured by the assets of the Company. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company received funds related to its joint venture of $85
000 and spent cash on behalf of its joint venture totaling $147
261. During this period
 the Company&amp;#146;s 60% share of the joint venture&amp;#146;s expenses were $127
356. The remaining $34
204 is due from the Joint Venture Company
 and is included in advances &amp;#150; related party.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. The remaining principal is non-interest bearing. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $56


 there were no additional reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Capital Activity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Since December 31
 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company of $36
400
 have received repayments of $7
550
 and have credited $35
938 against the amount due them
 in exchange for the use of Company personnel
 leaving a balance due of $1
407
579 at April 17
 2017. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including all of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets
 non-interest bearing and payable on demand.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Equity Transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On January 10
 2017
 the Company issued 400
000 previously accrued shares of the Company&amp;#146;s commons stock as settlement of its lawsuit with Lee Ori (see Note 15 &amp;#150; Commitments and Contingencies).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On April 10
 2017
 we sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.025
 for gross proceeds of $25
000
 to an &amp;#147;accredited investor&amp;#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;under the Securities Act of 1933


 Tumbleweed Holdings agreed to issue the Company a warrant to purchase up to 9
770
878 shares of Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. at an exercise price of $0.02 with an expiration date three years from the date of issuance. At December 31
 2016


 Tumbleweed Holdings agreed to fund one hundred percent of the first $100
000 of web development costs related to the web site www.jointlovers.com. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Joint Venture Company incurred costs totaling $128
936 related to the development of jointlovers.com as well as $18
125 in general and administrative costs. Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company is responsible for 60% of all costs after the initial $100
000
 representing a total share of $28
056 in the joint venture&amp;#146;s costs. During this same period
 the company paid costs totaling $62
260 on behalf of the Joint Venture Company satisfying the Company&amp;#146;s share of $28
056 while the excess $34
204 is due to the Company. Due to the uncertainty of collectability

	

 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets


 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks


 2016 and 2015

	

 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has recorded a full allowance of $34


 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;53%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:53.42%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;54%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.6%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;5%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.1%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;40%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:40.32%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:7.2pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;54%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.6%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Furniture


 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any


 resellers or customers. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 36pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Delivery has occurred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred


 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $328 and $81
568 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015


 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31


 &amp;#147;Financial Instruments
&amp;#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31


 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. In regards to legal costs


 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share.&amp;#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2016 and 2015


 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective


 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&amp;#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
 or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value of the share-based payments whichever is more readily determinable. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by our assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include
 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards


 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&amp;#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&amp;#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&amp;#146;s investment. Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&amp;#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&amp;#146;s Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;When the Company&amp;#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies




 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&amp;#147;TW&amp;#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company had been developing an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company and TW own 60% and 40% respectively of equity of the joint venture company. Under the joint venture agreement
 the Company and TW agreed as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 18pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company contributed the URL www.jointlovers.com to the joint venture entity
 in exchange for 60% of the joint venture company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 18pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 18pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;TW contributed $30
000 and agreed to contribute an additional $70
000 towards the development of the online web portal
 in exchange for 40% of the joint venture company. With any additional funds required for development to be contributed 60% by the Company and 40% by TW.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 18pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 18pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Revenue from the joint venture company will be shared proportionally with a portion of operating income to be used to repay principal and income due under the convertible notes referenced below (up to $165
000 in principal amount of notes).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 18pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 18pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;TW agreed to purchase an aggregate of $150
000 in principal amount of convertible notes
 convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. In addition to repayment of principal
 if the joint venture company has revenues
 the notes are entitled to receive a portion of the joint venture company&amp;#146;s operating income until they have received an amount equal to 50% of the face value of the notes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 Tumbleweed contributed a total of $85
000 to the joint venture company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Additionally
 both parties agreed to issue the other a warrant to purchase 4.9% of their outstanding common stock. Pursuant to this agreement
 TW agreed to issue a warrant to the Company to purchase 9
770
878 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $0.02 per share
 and the Company agreed to issue a warrant to TW to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share
 valued at $475
751. The warrants have a three-year term and a cashless exercise right (see Note 6 &amp;#150; Securities and Note 13 &amp;#150; Stock Warrants for details). As of the date of these financial statements
 TW has not yet issued the warrants due to the Company. Therefore
 the Company has not yet recorded their value on its balance sheet.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&amp;#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&amp;#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&amp;#146;s investment. Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&amp;#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&amp;#146;s Statements of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;When the Company&amp;#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the joint venture company experienced a net loss attributable to the Company&amp;#146;s 60% ownership of $10
695 which is included on the company&amp;#146;s statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2016
 Tumbleweed was in default under the terms of the joint venture agreement and owed the joint venture company the remaining $15
000 in development funding and the Company $50
000 for the final note purchase
 both of which were due by April 29
 2016. Additionally
 Tumbleweed owes the joint venture company $18
904
 representing its 40% share of costs in excess of the first $100
000. The Company is currently in litigation with TW
 seeking to compel TW to comply with its funding obligations under the Joint Venture Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On September 22
 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
 and (v) the Company has not provided accounting for all funds received by TW. TW seeks damages in the amount to be determined at trial. The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against them.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Summary balance sheet information on the joint venture for at December 31
 2016 and 2015 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;582&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:436.35pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.3pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.35pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.3pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.35pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.3pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.35pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accounts Receivable &amp;#150; Related Party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm -3.55pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;33
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 17.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -13.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;33
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:50pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Web Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;128
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm -3.55pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -14.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;162
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -14.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accounts payable &amp;#150; related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm -3.55pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -10.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;34
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 17.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -15.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;33
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 12.6pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-4.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;146
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm -1.9pt 0pt -48.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm -1.9pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -26.6pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;128
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -26.6pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm -3.55pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -25.95pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;162
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -25.95pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Summary revenue information on the joint venture for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:184.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;120&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:90pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;111&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:83.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;120&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:90pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;111&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:83.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Operating Expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;General administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;14
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Rent - related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;3
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;18
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Net Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Company Share of Net Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(10


366 and 62
583 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Amortization Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;311
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;327
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Less: recapture of costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(16
000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(134
949)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(62
583)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;176
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;249


 2016 and 2015:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;12
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;12
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;10
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;10
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(9
763)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(5
617)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;6


 2016
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $704
997 which consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Party Name:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Relationship:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;270
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;56
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;John Venners&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;233
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;John Venners&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Advances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Former parent company
 significant shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Rent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;141
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.6pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;704


 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Amount due - December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;949
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Advances received from Park&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;594
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Debt assigned to investor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(65
000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Repayments made to Park&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(63
690)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;504&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:378pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Balance due &amp;#150; December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;73&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1
414


 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:61.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Convertible Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Balance &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;79
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Note proceeds received&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Repayments on notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Balance &amp;#150;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;79
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;100


 2016 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;79&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:59.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Principal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:61.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Note dated February 29
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Note dated April 8
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;342&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:256.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Dilutive shares &amp;#150;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5.25pt;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;72&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:54pt;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;500


 2016 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Number of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;11
105
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;6
650
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.5pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.25pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Exercised/settled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:10.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;213&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:159.75pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Balance as December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:9pt;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:69.75pt;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;17
755


 2016 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;429&quot; colspan=&quot;11&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:321.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;281&quot; colspan=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:210.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;104&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:78pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Exercise Price Range&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:66.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;NumberOutstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;114&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:85.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Weighted AverageRemainingContractual Life (inyears)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;107&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:80.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Weighted AverageExercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:66.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;NumberExercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;91&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:68pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;WeightedAverageExercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;91&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:68.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Intrinsic Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:74.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$0.05 - $0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;106&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:79.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:74.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:63pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#dfdfdf 1pt solid;width:63.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1
208

	

 2016 and 2015
 respectively:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Warrants (exercise price $0.05 - $0.25/share)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;11
105
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Convertible debt (exercise price $0.20/share)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:216pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;18
255
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:57.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;11
105


 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;457&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:343.1pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Income Tax Footnote&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:71.2pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:73.2pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Cumulative NOL&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(5633
041)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(4
333
812)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Deferred Tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -15.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(8
473
442)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(7
668
510)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;5
312
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;5
270
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;415
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;415
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;93
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;61
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Impairment expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;144
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;144
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Unrealized losses on investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;199
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:170.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2
307
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.9pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1
775


 2016 and 2015 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;470&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:352.6pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:71.2pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:73.2pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Book income (loss) from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -12pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(804
932)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(3
268
362)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;42
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2
355
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;33
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;31
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;56
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Unrealized losses on investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;199
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:179.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;532
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.4pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;822


 2016 and 2015 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:184.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;120&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:90pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;111&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:83.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;120&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:90pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;111&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:83.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Operating Expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;General administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;14
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:18pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Rent - related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;3
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:36pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;18
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Net Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:6.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;102&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:76.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;345&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:258.75pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Company Share of Net Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:7.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:0cm;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0cm;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(10


 2016 and 2015 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;582&quot; align=&quot;left&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:436.35pt;border-collapse:collapse;margin:auto 6.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.3pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.35pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.3pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.35pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.3pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.35pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accounts Receivable &amp;#150; Related Party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm -3.55pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;33
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 17.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -13.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;33
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:50pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Web Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;128
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm -3.55pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -14.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;162
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -14.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; DEFICIT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accounts payable &amp;#150; related party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm -3.55pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -10.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;34
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 17.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -15.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;33
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 12.6pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-4.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;146
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt 8.1pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm -1.9pt 0pt -48.75pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm -1.9pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -26.6pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;128
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.15pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.55pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -26.6pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.2pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:260.55pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.8pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm -3.55pt 0pt 0cm;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;87&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:7.2pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:65.5pt;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0cm;padding-top:0cm;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt -25.95pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;162

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			



		


		




				


				




		















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20161231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt








		
		








		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		


		
		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		




		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture



		
		




		
		








		
		


		




		
		
		


		





 net of income taxes



		
		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 2016


 2016




 a significant shareholder


 a significant shareholder



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 net of income taxes



		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		



 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer


 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle



		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		




		






		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 Interim CEO


 Interim CEO



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		

 net as of the balance sheet date within one year where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts



		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		


		
		




		


		
		


		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue



		

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests



		
		








		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		
		
		


		






		



 net $134
949 and $73




 net $9
763 and $5



		








		
		


		
		




		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		



000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 112
836
581 and 112
761
581 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016 and 2015



		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		






		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		




		
		


		
		


		


		
		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		






		


		


		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		










		








		
		


		
		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		



 Interim CEO


 Interim CEO



		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital



		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		
		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		






		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 2016


 2016



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		






		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		









 2016


 2016



		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 net of income taxes



		




		
		


		
		








		


		
		


		
		


		
		










		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		









 2016


 2016



		
		








		


		
		


		
		


		
		

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue



		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		





 net of income taxes



		


		
		


		
		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		


		
		








		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		
		








		
		








		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		



 Kae Park
 and her spouse Howard Baer (collectively &quot;Park&quot;)


 Kae Park
 and her spouse Howard Baer (collectively &quot;Park&quot;)



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity&apos;s stockholders&apos; equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders&apos; equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest



		




		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		








		


		


		


		
		


		

 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 including the unrealized holding gain (loss) of held-to-maturity securities transferred to the trading security category and the cumulative unrealized gain (loss) which was included in other comprehensive income (a separate component of shareholders&apos; equity) for available-for-sale securities transferred to trading securities during the period. Additionally



		










		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		











 Interim CEO


 Interim CEO









		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		
















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20161231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				










































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 f10k123116_10k001.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44



M_P!KK_@NE\+/V=+ZZT?01-XV\06Y*/'9

MXHO9/[#TWPGX?M2?W8CLGFD ]S([#/T%? H.[KU[YHR/;VKY.OG&)J.Z?*O(
M_K7(O!WAG+J:52C[:?64]?\ R7X5]WS9]DP?\%W?VB(9]Y\1Z3(/[K:7%C^5
M=[\._P#@XP^





M_H


*X5U#4[C:/,*
MMDQ1YQG:JMG'JQKZT Q7T.6Y33A34ZJO)]^A_._B5XM9EC,?4P.4U72H4VXW
MB[.;6C;:UM?9+IJSP]O^;?P-?3OLI^&?A?R0

P Y/O7!3RF%+$*M2=
MEV_R/O

MOCOX8?\ *6CQI_V!%_E#7V)7QW\
/^4M'C3_ + B_P H:: ^Q****0!1110
*+Z2\U35)3(V2=D([(@).U1T KC]VV@C::_0_P#X(R_\$K8_VB=2A^)?
MCRSD_P$/T^4'3;.1<+JTJX^9@1S$/U/'8U\90H5



%!VV;3;NK[7OMKZ
MA11178?&A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%






MKW




_A0!Z)114-]

*&21V/RJH&23]!0!-17G_@G]J7X?_$?Q1'HNA^*M+U+5)=VR



[Z#G_KXH ]
HK\)?$WP_P/8/
T76=-U11R?LUPLA'U .16XK;A0 M%

9 I^H


MC#'H

59(V^C*<5=W?+G\:T
M/.DFG9BT5X_KW[?OP:\+ZU<Z=J/Q$\,V=]9N8YH9+G#1L.H(QUK4\%?MD?S
MXBW2P:+X^\*W\S'QKJ$:LQ] &(S^%9^VIMV4E]YZ,LES

M/3**CBN5F567YE;D
#P14E:'FA1110 4444 %%%% '\\?_!8GX(7'P4_;W\:
M+Y)BT_Q!.FJV;8PLBRQH[X^DC


MI&S$]  *FKSW]K+QE_PK[]F7Q]K&[RVT_0+V6
^CB!]O\ X]BIE+EBV=&%

M!^&5B$
NGZ3$;@8Q^^?]Y)G_ (&S5ZY4=NHC7:HVJHP![5)7Z-3BHQ45T/\

MU+X.^ =/\

M):DX9K6:UE5#V!5H\C_/I51W$]BO^RC_ 
$KI?C5X#M?%7C#6KO3XM70S06L
M*YF93T9V;.
^F


HDXKY+_ .P_CE?#W[
]GI:

MG^UY)X@6\UFXTC^QEB*^5)/,WYZY(]*_1_]M7_DU3QU_P!@F;^5?*/_  1)
M_P/WQU_N6W\VHB[(H\T^.'[&WQ(_8/N(_%GA?7[F^TFWD#275F6B:''/[V/

 [^X_8X_X*(W6@+(RZ:^J2Z2VX_?MG


57H?\ P2$_Y-4;
1J,<@ X;&23@YQVKW'_@F=^W5??'*7P?XJF\_Q!91&6VNV^]?1CJ&_P!I
M17V'
@DB96 8






_H?&W_!QF






M#A^'GBZ^9?!?B2X6*UED;Y=

L-6,,BNI*LI!!!P01SQ7QN'KSP]13CNOZL?V
M?G^1X'/\LE@L1:5.HKIKH]XR3\NGEZG]6]E<1W=LDL3*\<BAD93D,#R*EK\
MU?\ @B'_ 






M*7V \(?MXZ??Q#:]U#8WY([L)G7/_D
?E7ZC-R*_
/\ X*U2+/\ MF:$B\LN
)[IN3<:*LI/NVPU\R_\ !$[_ %'C





M]H?M/C'[//C#_L%R_P J_+K]BO\ ;*;]D#6M:O%T/^VO[8@6';]I\GR]K9S]


M:
<5K

M?]AJT_\ 0C47_!O1_P F*3_]A^Y_] CJ7_@X*_Y



!U]*XZ=:M3





MU]K.K77EW;H76+9&SG@$'D+CK7L_Q;_X('?&7X66']NZ3J&A^.?[._TA[3+1

\/9GC\%+.
?[&7L::4+
M6YE=Z\[T5W=:]BU^SQ\
_$W_  5P_PD-W\2=0TJZL?!&FWJ7$DSQD1I#

MELV:VM?[/MA:VEU(@.Y'CQ\DGRGDDACZ5^D41SFO6RJ

M8K'O




M_P#I#_\ ;?N['P/X4\5:AX'\2V6KZ3=2V6H:?






/5']K^)'_)
8[_ *]R/W1HHHK] /\
?_:&)_G?WGZ)_P 0^X9Z8&E_XC[=TS_ (+W_M 76IV\37_AS;)*

# W


%BO&-AXK^/&A:/821W%]IV





M 

ES^R9XWDC;=')H\KJ1W!7(KY3_P)3XN_'1_V+?^

D\N..


ZG$U]*P=L9_NJYR.VX41TU)/M#]K^T%A^R5XP@7[L.E;%^@*BO
MEW_@B=_J/&WUB_I7U1^V?_R:QXV_[!K?^A+7RK_P1.;]QXU^L7]*?V0ZGWT.

M3_DU1O\ L+W'_H$5?5%?*_\ P2%;;^RDQ_ZC$_\ Z!%7U/NXHEN
X/\ :C_Y
M-W\8_P#8

EU+3K+4%BLHF07$*R;#YG;(.*^XOVHF
QPL.JP4H#GRF
MZ

=K+Y@_&/?QZXKPO_@C7





M_P#V'[G_ - CJ7_@X*_Y
%N/^PU:?^A&HO\ @WH_Y

JJ+'))Q_ *,!_O=?U7Z
MAX@?\DCD7^&?_MI\+?\ !Q/\&-,\3_LK:1XN:-=8\/ZK';1S8^9H9%D+)^:
ZNUJXD6V9 ZI2#]X[B2/<5]7_ /!&7X$7WP&_




M=&T@MN_LNP@M

I5
/P[DV%QO^\1A*Z?Q*



M]OFSVK]U+699H%=6#*PR#GJ*_E(CF:WFCDC9DDC8

M/_#6?[*&G+J



/\ E+1XT_[ B_RA


-R!_UR=9#^BFN;&1O0FO)_D?2


K8B#\U^9_=_'&'=;A[&T

MW XK+_X4EX._Z%;P_P#^ $7_ 

M/2OY[/\ @M-_RD:\??\ 72#_ -$I7AY]%*@K=_T9^[^ &(JSS^LIR;7LGNV_




M6+7#XDT==(GD





M-;6&=NWW37Q'_P %+?V./&7QM^*N@^(O!NEK?20VGE7)\P(5=&RAY]OY5]@:
M9\2=!UF^L;6UU:QN+C5+?[7:1QS*S7$.
^8HSRN.XXK%?]I'P%'J7V-O%V@+








M:Q-XW\#SPZ'XZV@7

MJLEC_KUMKA9#$/4X/3@\].*;H7QD\*^)_%$VBZ=K^E7VK6X)DM8+E))%QUX!





5^P^K?'[P7H-K:S7WBC1+






M%2QN/J.=26[?Y);)+HEH%%%%:'EA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 UX]Y[U^1/\


BS


MW\
/^4M'C3_L+_*&F@/L2BBBD 5QW[0W@[_ (6%\/&6A[?

M!U'ZD5V-
G&Y
8SFIE&ZLS;#UI4JL:L=XM-?)W/Y4O$FDMH/B/4+%AM:RN9(
M/0JQ7^E=;^S)X_/PI_:\'^(E8J=*U2&?/_  (#^M=E_P %%?A+)\%/VS_B
M!HK1&&#^U9KFVX^]%(Q(8?7FO%HIVMI5D7AHR&!]QS7YU*+IU+=G^1_I%A:M
M+
LMC46L:L%]TH_\$_JTL;E+RW2:-EDCD4
K#HP/0U-7BW_!/+XN1_&_]C7X
M?^(1
)I[C28X+ELY/FQ9B?/U9?QKVFOT2G-3BI+JC_./,,'/8JIA:GQ4Y.

DYT'_L'P?^


MP\TVX




M.W&&/&.*.@'$? K]G3P[\9_AW\2IKNQCCUV+7+QK+4HOEN;612Q4JW7@@5[G


M'OP6\




MUM'!-.29)X LX1F)]17J7_!1\8^!]@?^HQ9_^CDKS2Q^*-W\5O!7P0O+Z*&.
M\TWQ_!IDK1)MCE


8E#L.AVC KZ&\'^#=+\!Z(FFZ/8V
M^G6




W4Y9J@_PCVGO=_L^V=TG
M^ITK7K&^F(_AC1FR?IR*ZO\ :KM_^$[_ &2/%)LOWGVS21





M@2.3D=J[']B[4TUG_@G_ .)+Q/N73ZM*OT.X_P!:]._8KM(]0_9&\%6\T:R0

1U((


I_KE^HK

MK-V[G^EN7*4

M_-^#]+T_P#Y\;:. ?\  5 K8K]'CLC_ #7Q,HRK2E':[_,****HQOCOX8?

M_P# -_#_ 




/

M_PAOZE_AG_ 
DYT'_L'P?^BUKDX=WG\OU/J_I&_!@/6I_[8;E%%%?4'\NA

3:;





M[UW'PH\


ML31H
_.S 99SQDGNHJO\%/V:_&'PRU-=+U/QS-KW@FU@EMH-
N+9?-:-U*A7




WF6TO3AD/;@=
M5\GA
^G'W:ZOY]3^M.+/ /!XEO$9'4]E)_8E=P^3WC_Y

M_P#!:C_@H)IG[-/P




MI:CQ\HBB!;:3GC=C%?.
%K)?7


;S33












WEU9
MQSKYM]

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OCOX8?\
MI:/&G_8$7^4-?8E?'?PP/_&VCQI_V!%_E#30'V)1112 **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KR[P_^RQI
M/AW]I35OB;%J%\^JZM:SDM6V^0B_+R.,Y^4=Z]1HH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

    #    G@$&  
    !  (   $2  
    !  $   $5  
    !
M  
   $:  4    !    I $;  4    !    K $H  
    !  (   $Q  (

M   !  8   $:  4    !   !=@$;  4    !   !?@$H  
    !  (   (!


M\    !1B:W!T   !    !1R6%E:   &    !1G6%E:   +    !1B6%E:
M   0    !1D;6YD   5    '!D;61D   Q    (AV=65D   #3    (9V
M:65W   #U    1L=6UI   #^    !1M96%S   $#    1T96-H   $


M($E%0S8Q.38V+3(N
0
M                        6%E:(        /-1  $    !%LQ865H@
M                 %A96B        !OH@  ./4   .06%E:(        &*9

         %DE%0R!H
M='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:               %DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE
M8RYC:
M      !D97-C         Y)14,@-C$Y-C8M,BXQ($1E9F%U;'0@4D=(&-O


M(&EN($E%0S8Q.38V+3(N
0              +%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG
M($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$






  PL#%@
A RT#


+PLBSD+40MIX +F NP\@+X0OY#!(
*@Q##%P

MP S9#/
-#0TF#4 -6@UT#8X-J0W##=X-^ X3#BX.20YD#G\.FPZV#M(.[@\)


2PQ+C$P
3(Q-#$V


$N%BY,+H(NMR[N+R0O
M6B^1+\<O_C U,&PPI##;,1(Q2C&
;HQ\C(J
F
RFS+4
PTS1C-_
[@S\30K
M-&4TGC38-1



M2PQ+4TN:2^)



M#U]A7[-@!6!78*I@_&%/8:)A]6))8IQB\&-#8Y=CZV1 9)1DZ64]99)EYV8]

=2AUA77A


MASN'GX@$B&F(SHDSB9F)_HIDBLJ+
(N6B_R
8XS*C3&-F(W_CF:.SH\VCYZ0

IJ:H<JH^K JMUJ^FL7*S0
MK42MN*XMKJ&O%J^+L P=;#JL6QUK)+LL*S.+.NM6TG+43M8JV ;9YMOW



XE/BV^-CX^OD


M*?VZ_DO^W/]M____[0 
061O8F5?0TT  ?_N  Y!9&]B90!D@     '_VP$
M  P( @) P)0P1PH+$14/# P/%1@3$Q43$Q@1# P,# P,$0P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P!#0L+#0X-$ X.$!0.#@X4% X.#@X4$0P,
M# P,$1$,# P,# P1# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,#/_  !$(
M !4 H ,!(@ $0$#$0'_W0 $  K_Q $_   !!0$! 0$! 0         #  $
M! 4&!P@)@L!  $% 0$! 0$!          $  @
$!08' D*Q   00! P($

S1R@M%#
M!R624_#A\6-S-1:BLH

M-/$E!A:BLH


MAKB?5@


 QO[_ 



ME/U



M965N=6T     26YT90    !#;')M    #W!R:6YT4VEX=&5E;D)I=&)O;VP


M$       @ !          (X0DE- _4      $@ +V9F  $ ;&9F  8
M  $ +V9F  $ H9F:  8       $ ,@    $ 6@    8       $ -0    $
M+0    8       $X0DE- _@      '   /__________________________
M__\#Z     #_____________________________ ^@     ____________
M_________________P/H     /____________________________\#Z
M.$))300(       0     0   D    )      #A24T$'@      !      X

 =0!M
M &4 ;@!T #$    !                          $              \8
M  !^                      $                         $     $
M      !N=6QL     @    9B;W5N9'-/8FIC     0       %)C=#$    $


M:6=N96YU;0    ]%4VQI8V5697)T06QI9VX    '9&5F875L=     MB9T-O


8F]T

M!@       P    /_ ;3H&TZ!LX0DE-!!0       0    !.$))300
M !$L     0   *     5   !X   )V   !$0 !@  ?_8_^(
6$E#0U]04D]&
M24Q%  $!   

M
M   18W!R=    5     S9&5S8P   80   !L=W1P=    ?     48FMP=

M9    E0   !P9&UD9    L0   (=G5E9    TP   &=FEE=P   ]0    D


M  @
9U120P  !#P   @
8E120P  !#P   @

M*&


M96
N8V@              !9)14

N8V@
M                                                    9&5S8P
M       N245#(#8Q.38V+3(N


M        +%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV


          0                        */     G-I

 *  M #(


M'P$E 2L!
@$X 3X!10%


+ Q8#(0
M S@#0P-/ UH#9@-R

$( 0M!#L$2 15!&






M
*0PVS$2
4HQ@C&Z
?(R*C)C
ILRU#
-
T8S?S.X
_$T*S1E-)XTV#43-4TU




&_1
M<MPAG#@<3IQE7'P<DMRIG





Z)
M

MYZGH

\QGS
MI_0T]

M_^T #$%D;V)E7T--  '_[@ .061O8F4 9(     !_]L A  
 @(0@
0D,
M$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
# P
#!$
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
 0T+PT.#1 .#A 4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$,# P,#!$1# P,# P,
M$0P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# S_P  1  5 * # 2(  A$!

! (%!P8(!0,,,P$
M A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D%5+!8C




M;!?4+:[-]9=L#F@_2T

_SDF]2PGN:UMDESMHT
3\
M824VDE3_ &K@[-XLW0 #H2'.U_LL3_ +3PP&ESRUKF[@X@Q$N9S_824VTE


M1]+_ 

 : !O
M '  ( !% &P 90!M &4 ;@!T '
 (  Q #( +@ P     0 X0DE-! 8


RUC

C Q
M
B\P-2\P
RTQ
SHT
#HP



C





O96QE;65N='
O
M


N861O8F4N8V]M+W!H


S-S

T-%

M(C

V-# S

4%!
D5!-T(S-S--C)-D(B('-T179T.G=H96X](C(P

#
M
#=4
M
34Z
3(Z
S M

# B('-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0](D%D;V)E(%!H





M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( \/WAP86-K
M970@96YD/2)W(C\^_^(,6$E#0U]04D]&24Q%  $!   ,2$QI;F\$   ;6YT





         $G-21T(@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ

V
3DV-BTR+C$
M                                         %A96B        #S40 !
M     1;
6%E:(                     !865H@        ;Z(  #CU   #

M(#8Q.38V+3(N


BXQ

M!!



M$8(6@AN(((E@BJ+X(T@CG/L)$ DE3H)3PED7D)CPFD;H)SPGE?L*
M$0HGCT*5 IJH$*F JNL4*W KSPL+(@LYU$+:0N Y@+L O(^$+^0P2
M#H

C@RG#
 

M9 Y_#IL.M@[2#NX/0\E#T$/7@]Z#Y8/LP_/#^P01 F$$
081!^$)L0N1#7
M$/41$Q$Q$4\1;1&

2XQ
#$R
30Q-C$X
3



'/4='AU'


M.!0X4#B
.

M0SI#?4/ 1 -$1T2*1

M'4EC2:E)\$HW2GU*Q$L




RHTQ



MH&F@V*%'H;:B)J*6HP:C=J/FI%:DQZ4XI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@J%*HQ*DWJ:FJ


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6

MRCC*M\LVR[;

O5



$ 0
#
M @
# P(&74! @,$$042!B$'$R( #$403(C%0E10A9A)#
74G&!&&*1)4.A

MT^


%

)L23!T4-R
M\!?A@C0EDE
88T3QHK(F-1E4-D5D)PIS@Y-&=
+2XO)59756-X2%H[/#T^/S




M
;.[P/XQI\B*+L23[]U[I^2L9B[



-9A8=FRXG9M+D)'R=%N@[DAB@D-2H















M2T];025N%V_-&DT$L
ZRE=#JQ!]^Z]U7/WGL;$X/KOY0?'/(5.Y
WLSI_MSX
M([SZ^7(;UWEE:G;]'W-VKL[!;EP?]Y




/39&MG^SQN)H6JZV8S2



W!NCO;KG
MK'+9=HZIZ? 5#?P/&Y%G6?
Q1_?4C0+4 M[KW5F?3.]-K=E]2]=]A[+II
?L





M.P-T[*I

MAV3N'I#K;M[:VW=O;\ZK^?W36U=^8_;-=55^TJZIRO5&[^X-EYW#)D9ILC!0


[1NZGH3W


V=JXAGRTD^2K:REH*:H65W9B\LNMV)]1]U

MH315U'71U
#4-BY25)+Z0H'OW7NF+LSX\[O_ (1\?*_I7+[3QN__ (SQ383

=?5.W]Q+0P93+_:)!7452):=UJ+TCAI&#6]^Z]T'6'Z

H
QL#;U)MBNI

MLAN^GRM-D3W%F

3F*Y=M_:35(BHXDI8H)*M4

M[)^5/6/5PZ\FH/CM2KL;9F+V[T]0;8KNSJA9

MIJH-)/42532RNTC2
















MD!W%'TMM?'9Q



MOTAO=\_MSNBAZ-[.VY35^WJFAZ\W7EMT[6VY19/
9FF CKL'F'WG05V

M(U=-(LAT7L_NO=&O[0W9O_9VW8
CUOU?6]L9RKW'BL8F$Q^[]L;;J8
5(U
E
M?E'SN\I113_PJDEJJE4+
2T6CZ-S[KW10




K_HN
MRN7VU@\I%D=P0TM=5[=RN[4I)L%#BL(:QJ:2HCI-;-27)U
3[]U[HM..^9_D







R/H/]8?[U[]U[KOW












M]R
_0838V7AVYD


^06-!3+4
MRXA%9914RQM[KW5P-#&8TD4Q+3E))(4IHY T$--!++%1M%$@6.#STH1V50+%
MK?CW[KW4[W[KW71^A/Y /^^_WCW[KW1&OG/)*NP^KZ; FAC[
R_R$ZFHNGY\
MU+

=551
84EC6235[KW1']K



:QT57D*DO1O+421M.[#QNVE H]U[JVGLS=F$ZSZUWWO;-P

A$9%:EFQ&#Q&0RE=$*9B\
TIH:!F&I=;
VF_J8'W7NJIL3L/





GB
M-B[*V[+6YJII*6DKMP=54=9N2C
NHTE;DG2)HWD /NO= +V/ENR]V=I=K9 ;


M*BJ:
R
YILW%MSLJOKY(R;!Z:IQN3H=+'UZT=.$1%'NO='?'T'^L/]Z]^Z]U













*T4&/IZ':











MK'Q&2QF7Q&&PD45=CY


M1M3TTN-V#LF/;















Q!J&J6L8)++&S5U2UF

M))]U[KEXT#



M
SR-/&K:2R1SLYFC1] NJL%/Y')]^Z]UX4=*I5E@C0HBQ+H70%B0NRQ!4LOC












%M?\ /^M^/?NO

8]$C.1&KA9 L+S
_D!2-1X[LH\

AB0)25/W$E1 R)5RS_M14U)%&)HSZC9M1TV

;&UK7M[]U[K.S!;7_ #_K


SRQM'_DDE


M_#_B??NO==LP6U_S_K?CW[KW6)IE#+Q(P(:^B

M;:DDDUN#?_


1./#&(R)&9HRCAF 8
@5A^H#U&X) ]^Z]UTC


N&)G




M+:%5V8*FLN1I(+V9BW ^K6X]^Z]UZG
FEA*[R














M
:22Q

MNX^I_P!8#W[KW7@\P8M




4V&H





SV)@]BMNK'9[K')-CMRX'=^$EV]DZFDGJ


Z1F\_YC


8
MO +N7#0Y6FW%-D894@DVC'3CRU51XHFB$R:38BWNO=+'ICY^]%]Z]M5/3&T9





MJ5
OAB6UHK *=6KW7NEECMM=L]I_)/MW;U-\D.[=B=?].T74SXC:FW:78%+6

A&T7[20I'X6$ 34WOW7NE_\UMX;[V7T%19+
M9._





MOQE/MM=W0YO)Y*N5F@GFG


MQWA\K^M=EY7?&$RU;F*S+[&J]@X3)X7;.W

M%3G

M.?;6Y-MYX-+CZ&3+[9SU#K@KZ2N;7+!4+-?$+K8D'W7NJUJWY8=JU.S_P6

12QPI&U*T2
M!(]:-[KW1CL#\B-Q[=[)^6&YMP4'8.^=B;([0V%TUUWL?K39&=[/W/\ WAQ'




M$



3\C



;B/NJ
MK'KC^Q=F;MQ



S=X]C=

M(_-6LL2K&BJONO=!)\A-S[[WI\ENEOCM1]K[JZ
V9O;K7L7L*#=6S
;MFIW#
MV!N_ 5^W

M4M BMJT*T0*K[KW00[V^0V0G[IV'E.OMT2;KZWR?Q+[8[GPL6 PD-719NN3=
MW6.
VIN5FE\.9_A%'C






M3;DRE)#/+1X\4[FJ

M?([:[-W%D




'8&)[O7Y ?




MW=JYKKS*X/:%-NW/X^H3;V$PW\7Q$-+-XVEG
C)*T0N _OW7NC?=8?S&/B_V


MM*H@K]O
M5

M!X59I9B]3K;W7NE+\5SVI-T[M3Y

;USA^N]LY/
M(8IMPT= D6#V1C-VOC

?8G8'

?DL!10;/CH.H


MG-X;WAVIL6+&2['V3MBKH9YZ;;6;J9X7?QRH\1T6C6WNO=0]^_(_L'KO^8SL
MGIBKK)*GIW?70.


<VC74M)3

!NW]9[NBW5L[+TN\MF[U
MSN73$;=BW3MJFP!-))G Z5





FZ:B1:9)XH8(+W

8O.=5UU-BH-L]=XS?&T=[[


1[]U[JG39';WR(V3UUB?E+ENX-U[_V=6_)#=74^]^C]S[?Z^^Q7:5=



MC=8UL%!]U[J7@/F?U-GL9+7O5;RVW6X_L38O6V:P.\^N=W;4S^%S7:C-!UG6



M@

/\
M'
3*H'OW7NA+^2O?/9.V_DI\4^K]DY&&APE7VI@:7O\ ?%XO^*5M1@-X[;[

\BA:B%(/0RH7#^Z]U


^^2@BIJ2:!5IL/
T2!










DL=)AZ+']
;9WSC*^.!; K- VVZ


MI53?GW7NJ^=I_-7Y



OP_S^[LEAJK$8



M\IMCTN$HI]@[SPN7.Y*.FHMH4=705

M-KQ-%1S9KL#'?'WJK:6$W'0XN.&IK\U5]![SH\K'MV'[JIW#05VY)(J!_)%4



MMP5

87*XC
M^8%NR&HI\GUBW\Q+XUY&:NH9!58[






(%H*](I-0=I




M77_$B3Y2[MV

MKCB)*259Z

Y3

KHHMQ5<.SX:'%T;Q24

]O;
M(=

MQ


-M6HAIL7A*[*QPT-/A

VQ3U

#LC?TBY.'#PRUM+2J^4J:FI6.G?P)-/(L:! @'NO=3?DQ49/'[]^;N1Q$
M



M^.VCO_LCY

M8I3)_%#4Z#*KR'W7NCP_&GMVJ[MZRQN\=P;:FV=NVAW'O?8^^ML44T.0PV-[

MQ\CN';_9^/S./JZPX.MS^

?/T=_*

R
KCS%9%'D*GW7
MNFGIJL2';OP*FEBQ%


T;?8U]0(S4HT*A

M =M;?[0VW5IN:E[$P^%QT%9L[;F

M




[5ADK::*!(T*QQW41+'[KW2?^/=;A]K?)[YP=:Y&N

4428FGRO7O=&)CW


V6VQO+91I/G-A
O+)N67;J
M5F/K]S_S!]M8W+X.KR^%W)N%9LWM^OFJX*HP^!8YZ=UN4;3[]U[H9=TY_%;#




MNU]L_P .ER





GK]NY[M_'[D['3%0??93
[;HN^VP4T.
M3R
53 9:7$4N/B1_O?





=V[
QO

!6[@R-'$.KZ

M&T\]C]Z;(_E+X7'5ACKX





M6]F[@V+7?*[!9&EH
!V9\YOBU%25N\
5D


O'D8:+Y




M4=3QYOJ:6NIZC%TU E#_  _$;MP\\EI9&T1Q.MF1V?W7NBT9#=NX^Y_B_P![

OY8@(Z9


M\[BLYD3EMY[AI
W7/B\^88
A%3P!XH-*@I&J)[KW1&_E9O[N+)=B?(S$4?Q]





1^Z]TF98
9



M?\Q'IFGCFJL910XR+KOK+:^9ZXV9D9







M'#XT8.IJ
D


M2&6IKL;+69:HFKJB66



TD




M0XJAS5)DJ;

MG!SXJJQ^\JK^)?=K5X*GIJ7#U=501Y/#9*KQ]/31I'+4TTT@#GCW[KW2EK




!
MG\5)-35
\$;2QRETE



RVWL_7[IJ-P[4K8
46IV?%U5&9
MH9)%DUB20-[KW4VK^&GQOK]O3;7EZX6BQ%1NNIWS4+@MV[ZVWDJG=U;A*3;E


M:;H^6.;JLX27*;?JMG%):6HEAH:_!9'&U]529JHXYJVJDGAKYU\M2LLA+'

M78;+3P-'

M48G.4
-93P9+&9# Y3$Y#'U!I\C-')X9469)-

&W*;
M:G7F'P=/M/?6:[
V_!13Y


MB?%0_P /QZ!(V@AB8

YB?O


M8_CQU!T/O_ 4^:QO4^WMI45&


M=3-))79/*5\I
U765
LU765+O//))



71^3Z
MQV=TY4[$@;KK8

ME+308SP2G'KCX






9]W(D7\4IZP+$YCMH.GW[KW2E[2Z$ZI[HQN'P_8VVJC-8O!3UD

M.TI=GDEE@25V

MNOKTKHLKDL1NM


MH=Y5%95;GHJS;68W'7[;EI


1T5/6 [AW3FE6C


4-90Y&6MDK
[38K)9#&RQS4=?G=JT64IMI[AK



7


MDFJG\D:J6D9F):Y))/OW7N@@Q_6-13]Y9WN49IJI

M\


M5;U$$-=23JRUE-++134U2D4YD(8(ZW 'OW7NO8#9NW=H[6P&Q]MXR/&[3VUM

T%+0T



PJ
V:*JS&1R65E5)8XS79S.9


HJSK3I
L*2(I51I6


;2TGGE8L]R3[]U[H3]A]=[+ZQV^VU=D;?H]N8%\CF


MQDMG8_8%5G%R&44R;2Q.9RVX
=C%QXK1B8I*7+YVJF6I2!:O]XJ92@51[KW4




MX#W37Y/*]GT
%5DJ1MV9'


QN6?!?Q7 PP083)5.S#F1LNOK


M^_\ 'C#P;



ZCVS




MAA(ZS=^TL9E

F
ERU##6%X
G)B*8U ='\WB&J]S?W7N



Y1U.7AIYZ
MRJQB8RORD.VTR0VO2;CR-+'&L^3BHDR$_C4O
Q /OW7NN70_2]!TW@=]XJEA


M[2=/IT%'L#!R=/QXY\7'L:L%7D
:E&^2?
66IKZNIRBU
*<*Z.





_B(VQ79;'1L/M



UW8EG9F+
22223[KW6?W[K
MW7O?NO=?_]3?X]^Z]UQJM[U_KR?^)_U_?NO==D _7W[KW76E1^/][]^Z]U


OI


BM;4+V^GU_-

M-B00??NO=9%C1+E$52Q)8@ $DN\AN?J;O(Q_UR??NO==LBL02+E;VY(^MK_0





M[KP4]A]?K[]U[KB(T!) Y/UY/\ Q7_'W[KW7C&AM=?I].3_ ,5_P]^Z]URT
M@V%OI]/?NO==:%_I_O)_XK[]U[KHQH21R/IR?\ BO\ A[]U[KG[]U[KBR*X





MKW71 /U]^Z]UUH7^G^\G_BOOW7NO:%X-OI].3_Q7W[KW78 'T]^Z]UTR*Q!(







M'X_WOW[KW79 /U]^Z]UUH7^G^\G_ (K[]U[KHQH;7'T^G)_XK[]U[KG[]U[K

























end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Apr. 17
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016













 INC.



























  2016


































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



236
581








































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











405


951



Advances - related party
 net















405


351







000



Property and equipment
 net $9
763 and $5
617 depreciation

675


821



Web Development Costs
 net $134
949 and $73
833 amortization

963


329





361







404


501












805


631





997


942





542
217


307





900


900





000







767
919


587
780










Notes payable - related party
 net of current portion

000


000





167
919


987
780

















Common stock - 200
000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 112
836
581 and 112
761
581 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

837


762





000


000





552
058


966
288





683
410)


718
329)





956
515)


577
279)





404


501

































































Amount of liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 and accrued liabilities classified as other.

























































For an unclassified balance sheet
 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.


















































































































Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The aggregate of all deposit liabilities held by the entity
 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











763


617





949


833



Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 shares issued

836
581


761
581



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

836
581


761
581






























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































The cumulative amount of depreciation (related to long-lived
 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











680


393












116


582
021







000





000


993





594


830
124





815


172





400


000





327


780





300
252


215
090





284
572)


201
697)












751)







695)







063)


766
145)





000)







509)


766
145)





965
081)


977
842)












965
081)


977
842)





818
088


987
931





































































































This item represents the net total realized and unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings for the period as a result of selling or holding marketable securities categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 including the unrealized holding gain (loss) of held-to-maturity securities transferred to the trading security category and the cumulative unrealized gain (loss) which was included in other comprehensive income (a separate component of shareholders' equity) for available-for-sale securities transferred to trading securities during the period. Additionally
 this item would include any gains (losses) realized during the period from the sale of investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting and losses recognized for other than temporary impairments (OTTI) of the subject investments.






















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 nonoperating income (expense) and income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of interest income (expense).

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.

























































Amount of litigation expense
 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.




















































































Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow)
 classified as other.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











965
081)


977
872)












146


145





366


583







832







000







282
500







800







000












000







594


156







702
272





751







695
















500







000












326)


992





055


266





400)


485
446)












056)







056)












Proceeds from sale of common stock
 net of offering costs



500







900





000







600


112
407





690)


100)





910


487
707





546)


261



Cash
 Beginning of Period

951


690



Cash
 End of Period

405


951



































000







934







898







449





500































































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.





















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
























































This item represents the net total realized and unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings for the period as a result of selling or holding marketable securities categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 including the unrealized holding gain (loss) of held-to-maturity securities transferred to the trading security category and the cumulative unrealized gain (loss) which was included in other comprehensive income (a separate component of shareholders' equity) for available-for-sale securities transferred to trading securities during the period. Additionally
 this item would include any gains (losses) realized during the period from the sale of investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting and losses recognized for other than temporary impairments (OTTI) of the subject investments.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(c)
9(a))



























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the obligations due for goods and services provided by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries
 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives
 classified as other.

























































The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.



















































































































The cash inflow from borrowings supported by a written promise to pay an obligation that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balance at Dec. 31
 2014

019
196


019


536
221




740
487)


247)



Common stock sold
 net offering costs

781
285


782


718






500









156






156









709
170






709
170





549
000


549


385






934





000















000




800


000




000





000
000


000


281
500






282
500





440
000


440


360






800





000




900






000





600
000


600


400






000





000













Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2015









977
842)


977
842)



Balance. at Dec. 31
 2015

761
581


762


966
288


000


718
329)


577
279)





000




425






500









594






594









751






751



Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2016









965
081)


965
081)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

836
581


837


552
058


000


683
410)


956
515)









































































































































































































































































































Common stock sold
 net offering costs

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Northsight Capital Inc. (&#147;Northsight&#148; or &#147;the Company&#148;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 21
 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. John Venners
 our EVP of Operations and a director
 is also a director of Kuboo
The Company&#146;s principal business is to provide a wide variety of online directories for a broad range of businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products. The following constitute the Company&#146;s major product categories: a monthly listing in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories
 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#146;s exclusive use.



































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include
 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015
Share-based compensation awards
 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by our assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include
 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards
Accounts receivable represents obligations from customers that are subject to normal collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has recorded a full allowance of $34
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
Furniture
The Company&#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&#146;s investment. Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
When the Company&#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#146;s distributors
. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $328 and $81
568 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
The fair values of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. In regards to legal costs
The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
From time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements upon adoption













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company has accumulated losses of $20
683
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company raised gross proceeds of $100
000 from non-related parties and $656
600 from related parties in capital through the issuance of notes payable. Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
In the event the Company does not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of its common stock or from debt financing
 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On February 29
 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&#147;TW&#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company had been developing an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company and TW own 60% and 40% respectively of equity of the joint venture company. Under the joint venture agreement
The Company contributed the URL www.jointlovers.com to the joint venture entity
TW contributed $30
000 and agreed to contribute an additional $70
000 towards the development of the online web portal
Revenue from the joint venture company will be shared proportionally with a portion of operating income to be used to repay principal and income due under the convertible notes referenced below (up to $165
TW agreed to purchase an aggregate of $150
000 in principal amount of convertible notes
 convertible into shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. In addition to repayment of principal
 if the joint venture company has revenues
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 Tumbleweed contributed a total of $85
Additionally
 both parties agreed to issue the other a warrant to purchase 4.9% of their outstanding common stock. Pursuant to this agreement
 TW agreed to issue a warrant to the Company to purchase 9
770
878 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $0.02 per share
 and the Company agreed to issue a warrant to TW to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share
 valued at $475
751. The warrants have a three-year term and a cashless exercise right (see Note 6 &#150; Securities and Note 13 &#150; Stock Warrants for details). As of the date of these financial statements
 TW has not yet issued the warrants due to the Company. Therefore
The Company&#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&#146;s investment. Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
When the Company&#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the joint venture company experienced a net loss attributable to the Company&#146;s 60% ownership of $10
As of December 31
 2016
 Tumbleweed was in default under the terms of the joint venture agreement and owed the joint venture company the remaining $15
000 in development funding and the Company $50
000 for the final note purchase
 both of which were due by April 29
 2016. Additionally
 Tumbleweed owes the joint venture company $18
904
 representing its 40% share of costs in excess of the first $100
000. The Company is currently in litigation with TW
On September 22
 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
Summary balance sheet information on the joint venture for at December 31
December 31
December 31
33
33
128
162
34
33
146
(18
128
162
Summary revenue information on the joint venture for the years ended December 31
December 31
December 31
14
3
18
(18
(18
(10
695)













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







With the formation of the Company&#146;s joint venture (see Note 4 &#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 Tumbleweed Holdings agreed to fund one hundred percent of the first $100
000 of web development costs related to the web site www.jointlovers.com. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Joint Venture Company incurred costs totaling $128
936 related to the development of jointlovers.com as well as $18
125 in general and administrative costs. Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company is responsible for 60% of all costs after the initial $100
000
 representing a total share of $28
056 in the joint venture&#146;s costs. During this same period
 the company paid costs totaling $62
260 on behalf of the Joint Venture Company satisfying the Company&#146;s share of $28
056 while the excess $34
204 is due to the Company. Due to the uncertainty of collectability
 the Company has recorded an allowance for bad debt equaling the amount due. 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







In conjunction with the formation of the joint venture discussed in Note 4
 Tumbleweed Holdings agreed to issue the Company a warrant to purchase up to 9
770
878 shares of Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. at an exercise price of $0.02 with an expiration date three years from the date of issuance. At December 31
 2016
 Tumbleweed had not yet issued these warrants to the Company. The Company will record the value of these warrants on its balance sheet once they are received.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







In accordance with ASC 350-50
 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company did not capitalize any costs incurred towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &#147;yellow pages.&#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $25
184 and $79
205 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
The Company amortizes web development costs over their related useful lives (approximately 1 to 5 years)
 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $72
366 and 62
583 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
As of December 31
As of December 31
311
327
(16
(134
(62
176
249
329



































The entire disclosure for research
 development
 and computer software activities
 including contracts and arrangements to be performed for others and with federal government. Includes costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility and in-process research and development acquired in a business combination consummated during the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
12
12
10
10
(9
(5
2
6
The Company records depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the related asset (approximately 3 years). The Company recorded depreciation expense of $4
146 and $4
145 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $704
270
56
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
233
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
3
Kuboo
Former parent company
141
704
997



































The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &#147;Park&#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward. Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
On September 30
 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral. Repayment terms remain the same
On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had accrued interest under this note of $56
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 Park advanced an aggregate of $594
050 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $63
690 of its secured debt to Park. Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor who received a replacement note from the Company to evidence the debt. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
414
667 which is secured by the assets of the Company. Because this debt is payable on demand
On May 11
 2016
 Kae Park
 a significant shareholder
 assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to an investor who is a significant shareholder. The investor received a one-year note from the Company to evidence the debt. Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&#146;s joint venture company&#146;s net revenues
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s balance for these advances for the year ended December 31
Amount due - December 31
949
594
(65
(63
Balance due &#150; December 31
1
414
On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
Between December 1
 2016 and December 30
 2016
 the company received proceeds of $62
550 from a related party and significant shareholder for which a note was issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes
 as extended
 mature on August 1
 2017 and are unsecured. At December 31
 2016
 the company had accrued interest of $125 related to the notes.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900. The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually. In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898. The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans. As of December 31
 2016
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $38
On August 10
 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each). The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually and has a security interest over the domain www.jointlovers.com. As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918. The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). As of December 31
 2016
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $48
On February 29
 2016
 in conjunction with its joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the Company entered an agreement to issue three $50
000
 one year convertible notes. These notes are convertible into shares of the Company&#146;s stock at a price of $0.20 per share or a total of 250
000 shares each Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&#146;s joint venture company&#146;s net revenues
 up to fifty percent of the original face value This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. Concurrent with this agreement
 the Company issued the first of these convertible notes. On April 8
 2016
 the Company issued the second of these convertible notes. As December 31
 2016
 the proceeds from the third note investment of $50
Dilutive shares associated with convertible notes outstanding at December 31
Note dated February 29
 2016
50
250
Note dated April 8
 2016
50
250
Total Dilutive shares &#150;December 31
100
500
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s notes and convertible notes payable for the year ended December 31
Balance &#150; December 31
79
100
Balance &#150;December 31
79
100
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Between January 5 and October 26
 2015
 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock for $484
500 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&#146;s fees of $34
950
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $18
500 in cash
 $16
450 through the issuance of 69
On February 12
 2015
 the Company issued 3
000 shares of its common stock valued at $750 as an advertising incentive
Between July 1 and August 10
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
549
000 shares of its common stock valued at $64
Between August 20 and November 30
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
440
000 shares of its common stock valued at $502
On January 1 and April 1
 2015
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $252
500 and $230
000
 respectively
 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher
On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo
 pursuant to his employment letter. Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed in which he agreed to return 500
000 of these shares to the Company. The Company subsequently received the shares on November 19
On July 1
 2015
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of its common stock valued at $131
000 as consideration for an exclusive option to acquire the web portal LaMarihuana.com
On September 16
 2015
 in conjunction with John Bluher&#146;s resignation as President
 the Company issued 1
600
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $208
000
On October 9
 2015
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $20
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 without admitting any responsibility
 the Company agreed in principle to issue 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $62
000 as settlement of legal proceedings
 the value of which is included in Subscription payable on the Company&#146;s Balance Sheet at December 31
 2015
 pending execution of a definitive agreement. The Settlement Agreement was executed in November
 2016 and the 400
On March 30
 2016
 the Company issued 75
000 shares of common stock as settlement of a contract obligation to a vendor valued at $7
500.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On May 15
 2015
 the Company entered into an agreement to grant to a lender a two year warrant to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s stock at $0.05 per share in conjunction with a sixty-day loan taken out by the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer; a significant portion of these loan proceeds were advanced by Park/Baer to the Company to fund operations. The note to Park and Baer commenced on May 15th with an initial term of sixty days with an automatic thirty-day extension
 if not paid in full by the maturity date. The Company had agreed that
 if the note were automatically extended
 it would grant an additional warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s stock (on the same terms as the original warrant) as consideration for the extension. On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued an additional 1
000
000 warrants in consideration for the thirty-day extension. On August 5
 2015
 October 3
 2015 and December 5
 2015 the Company issued three additional warrants
 respectively
 to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock
On July 1
 2015
 the Company issued three year warrants to purchase 100
Between September 29
 2015 and October 27
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to purchase an aggregate 1
130
285 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 at an exercise price of $0.25 per share
On October 21
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $32
On December 31
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $19
On February 29
 2016
 in conjunction with the Company&#146;s joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the company agreed to issue a warrant to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. These warrants were valued at $475
751 using the Black-Scholes pricing model
On March 31
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $33
On June 30
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $29
On September 30
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $39
A summary of the Company&#146;s warrant activity for the year ended December 31
Outstanding &#150; December 31
11
105
6
650
Balance as December 31
17
755
The Company&#146;s outstanding warrants at December 31
17
755
17
755
1
208
The weighted average fair value per warrant issued during the year ended December 31
 2016 was $0.09.



































The entire disclosure for standard and extended product warranties and other product guarantee contracts
 including a tabular reconciliation of the changes in the guarantor's aggregate product warranty liability for the reporting period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Net earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
Since the Company reflected a net loss for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
 would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
The Company has the following common stock equivalents at December 31
 2016 and 2015
December 31
December 31
17
755
11
105
500
18
255
11
105
285













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







In May 2014
 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement that requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
On August 7
 2015
 Lee Ori (&#147;Plaintiff&#148;) instituted a legal action in Missouri against us
 Wealthcorp
 LLC
 Winterwalk Capital
 LLC
 Christopher S. Walkup (&#147;Walkup&#148;)
 Marshall P. Winters and Paradigm Healthcare Solutions
 LLC. The complaint alleged that (i) Walkup represented to the Plaintiff that he had the right to subscribe to shares of our common stock at a per share price of $.25 and (ii) that Walkup was the Company&#146;s agent and individually and in such alleged agency capacity offered to sell Plaintiff an aggregate of 1
075
000 shares of company common stock for a total purchase price of $425
000. The Complaint alleges that we are liable to the Plaintiff for the acts and omissions of Walkup
 based on the allegation that he was our agent. The complaint seeks from us and Walkup (1) 1
075
000 shares of our common stock and (2) money damages in the amount of $425
Without admitting any responsibility
 the Company and the Plaintiff have settled the matter. Under the settlement agreement
 the Company agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at $62
000 to the Plaintiff as consideration for the settlement. These shares are being issued after the date of these financial statements. In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue an additional 275
On August 15
 2016
 the Company instituted a legal action in Arizona against
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 (&#147;TW&#148;). The complaint alleged that (i) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the remaining $15
000 due to the joint venture company by April 29
 2016
 (ii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the last $50
000 convertible note due to the Company by April 29
 2016
 and (iii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund their respective 40% of development expense in excess of the initial $100
000. The Company seeks damages in the amount of $128
On September 22
 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
 and (v) the Company has not provided accounting for all funds received by TW. TW seeks damages in the amount to be determined at trial. The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against them.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







At December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $5
434
137 and $4
333
812
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
The deferred tax asset at December 31
(5633
(4
333
(34% Federal
(8
473
(7
668
5
312
5
270
415
415
93
61
144
144
199
2
307
1
775
The Company has taken a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately $2
307
744 and $1
775
000 at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $532
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
(804
(3
268
42
2
355
33
31
56
199
532
822
147



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Effective May 2
 2014
 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Kae Park (the &#147;Seller&#148;)
 who became a related party upon the closing of the acquisition
 which occurred on June 23
Under this agreement
 the Company agreed to acquire approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which
(b)&nbsp;&nbsp; Issued to the Seller a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the Company was required to pay the remaining balance of $400
000 in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
(c)&nbsp;&nbsp; Is obligated to pay a monthly royalty to the Seller equal to the product of (i) six percent (6%) and (ii) the excess of the Company&#146;s gross monthly revenue over $150
000 (&#147;Royalty Payment&#148;). The Royalty Payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company has gross revenues in excess of $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated the promissory note to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014
 at which point such $100
In addition
 the Seller was required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve-month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company was required to pay the Seller $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc. our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Currently
 the Company is renting approximately 6
100 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
500. During the year ended December 31
 2016 the company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $138
000 for rent and allocated rent expenses of $3
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate of $594
050 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period
 the Company also repaid $63
690 of its secured debt to Park. Additionally
 on May 11
 2016
 Park assigned $65
000 of debt owed to her by the Company to another investor for which the Company issued the investor a one-year replacement note for $65
000. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
414
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company received funds related to its joint venture of $85
000 and spent cash on behalf of its joint venture totaling $147
261. During this period
 the Company&#146;s 60% share of the joint venture&#146;s expenses were $127
356. The remaining $34
204 is due from the Joint Venture Company
On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. The remaining principal is non-interest bearing. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $56
555.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







We have evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when our financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported. Management has determined that other than as disclosed below
Since December 31
 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company of $36
400
 have received repayments of $7
550
 and have credited $35
938 against the amount due them
 in exchange for the use of Company personnel
 leaving a balance due of $1
407
579 at April 17
 2017. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including all of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets
On January 10
 2017
 the Company issued 400
On April 10
 2017
 we sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.025
 for gross proceeds of $25
000
under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include
 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.




The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.




Share-based compensation awards
 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by our assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include
 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards
 based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.









Accounts receivable represents obligations from customers that are subject to normal collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability.




Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
Furniture
 fixtures and equipment




The Company&#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&#146;s investment. Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
When the Company&#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies
 the difference between disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts of the investments are recognized in profit or loss.




Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&#146;s carrying value and estimated fair value. 




Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#146;s distributors
. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 




Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $328 and $81
568 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.




The fair values of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2016 and 2015.




The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.




The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.




From time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements upon adoption



































Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Risk and Uncertainties
 during the indicated time period.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies
 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for measuring the fair value of assets or liabilities that relate to the transferor's continuing involvement (including interests that continue to be held by the transferor and servicing assets or servicing liabilities)
 if any
 and servicing assets or servicing liabilities
 if any
 including the methodology (whether quoted or market prices
 prices based on sales of similar assets and liabilities
 or prices based on valuation techniques) used in determining their fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for investments in financial assets
 including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values)
 investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method
 securities borrowed and loaned
 and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities
 the disclosure may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also
 for all investments
 an entity may describe its policy for assessing
 recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2
12)



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Furniture
 fixtures and equipment



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Summary balance sheet information on the joint venture for at December 31
December 31
December 31
33
33
128
162
34
33
146
(18
128
162
640




Summary revenue information on the joint venture for the years ended December 31
December 31
December 31
14
3
18
(18
(18
(10
695)
































































Tabular disclosure of investment income
 including
 but not limited to
 interest and dividend income and amortization of discount (premium) derived from debt and equity securities. Excludes realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(a)
(b))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company recorded amortization of $72
366 and 62
583 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
As of December 31
As of December 31
311
327
(16
(134
(62
176
249
329













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
12
12
10
10
(9
(5
2
6
821



































Tabular disclosure of public utility physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 deprecation expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







At December 31
 2016
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $704
270
56
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
233
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
3
Kuboo
Former parent company
141
704
997













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s balance for these advances for the year ended December 31
Amount due - December 31
949
594
(65
(63
Balance due &#150; December 31
1
414
667



































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Dilutive shares associated with convertible notes outstanding at December 31
Note dated February 29
 2016
50
250
Note dated April 8
 2016
50
250
Total Dilutive shares &#150;December 31
100
500
000




The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s notes and convertible notes payable for the year ended December 31
Balance &#150; December 31
79
100
Balance &#150;December 31
79
100
000
































































Tabular disclosure of short-term debt arrangements (having initial terms of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












A summary of the Company&#146;s warrant activity for the year ended December 31
Outstanding &#150; December 31
11
105
6
650
Balance as December 31
17
755
603




The Company&#146;s outstanding warrants at December 31
17
755
17
755
1
208
468
































































Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company has the following common stock equivalents at December 31
 2016 and 2015
December 31
December 31
17
755
11
105
500
18
255
11
105
285



































Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NET LOSS PER SHARE
 during the indicated time period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The deferred tax asset at December 31
(5633
(4
333
(34% Federal
(8
473
(7
668
5
312
5
270
415
415
93
61
144
144
199
2
307
1
775
475




The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
(804
(3
268
42
2
355
33
31
56
199
532
822
147



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















500





500
000





000












Safe Communications
 Inc acquired company issued and outstanding common stock




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























204












Furniture
 fixtures and equipment Estimated useful life in years






















751
















568





































































































































































Furniture
 fixtures and equipment Estimated useful life in years
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















683
410





000





600








































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Feb. 29
 2016









Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company own equity of the joint venture company






Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the TW own equity of the joint venture company






Company contributed the URL to the joint venture entity
 in exchange of joint venture company.










000







000














000




























770
878














525
318














751







751





000





Company for the final note purchase
 both of which were due

000







904







000





























































































































Company contributed the URL to the joint venture entity
 in exchange of joint venture company.

























































Company for the final note purchase
 both of which were due



















































































































Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the Company own equity of the joint venture company




























Per the Joint Venture Agreement
 the TW own equity of the joint venture company














































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















000








Company
s ownership is included on the company's statements of operations

695







Company
s ownership is included on the company's statements of operations































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











704







704







936







640














204







704





















560







125)







436







640






































For an unclassified balance sheet
 amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties.

























































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




















































































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015

























525







600







125







125)







125)







695)









The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Receivables to be collected from (obligations owed to) related parties
 net as of the balance sheet date within one year where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















000





936





125





000





056





260





056





204
























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















770
878















































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











184


205





366


583











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























912


912







000)





949)


583)





963


329









































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























438


438





996


996





763)


617)





675


821









































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











146


145














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















500





555





466





000



Kuboo
 Inc Rent

476





997























































































































































Kuboo
 Inc Rent






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
May 11
 2016
Apr. 13
 2016
Jul. 25
 2014
Jun. 23
 2014





















000






















555













050













690













000













414
667











Kae Park
 a significant shareholder
 assigned of debt owed



000



















000


























000













000













000













000











000













000





Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the due







000







550






























































































































































































































































































































Kae Park
 a significant shareholder
 assigned of debt owed














































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Amount due - December 31
 2015

307





050





000)





690)



Balance due - December 31
 2016

414
667




































Amount due - December 31
 2015




























Balance due - December 31
 2016































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Feb. 29
 2016
Aug. 10
 2015
Jul. 01
 2015





















900









000






















200
000


000









918


016











000






















898









325


032


















000






















000









000












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Principal Note dated February 29
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share

000



Principal Note dated April 8
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share

000



Principal Total Dilutive shares -December 31
 2016

000



Shares Note dated February 29
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share

000



Shares Note dated April 8
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share

000



Shares Total Dilutive shares -December 31
 2016

000



































Principal Note dated April 8
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share




























Principal Note dated February 29
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share




























Principal Total Dilutive shares -December 31
 2016




























Shares Note dated April 8
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share




























Shares Note dated February 29
 2016
 convertible at $0.20 per share




























Shares Total Dilutive shares -December 31
 2016









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Notes - Balance - December 31
 2015

900













Notes - Balance -December 31
 2016

900



Convertible Notes - Balance - December 31
 2015






000








Convertible Notes - Balance -December 31
 2016

000



































Convertible Notes - Balance - December 31
 2015




























Convertible Notes - Balance -December 31
 2016






















































































Notes - Balance - December 31
 2015




























Notes - Balance -December 31
 2016



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Oct. 26
 2015
Oct. 09
 2015
Sep. 16
 2015
Sep. 15
 2015
Aug. 10
 2015
Jul. 15
 2015
Jul. 01
 2015
Apr. 01
 2015
Feb. 12
 2015





























781
285























500























950























500























450























100







































000






































549
000























934













440
000























800





















Company issued 000 shares to Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher

















000























500























000





Company issued 000 shares to Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo













000
000























000



















000





























000























000







in conjunction with John Bluher's resignation as President
 the Company issued shares







600
000























000





















000























000


















































in conjunction with John Bluher's resignation as President
 the Company issued shares



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















000





000










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 05
 2015
Jul. 15
 2015
May 15
 2015


























000
000







000
000







000
000








































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Feb. 29
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Oct. 21
 2015
Sep. 29
 2015
Jul. 01
 2015





































000

















130
285





Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO exercise price per share 0.09









000


000







John Hollister
 warrants valued at









906


250















525
318






































751











Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase shares of the Company's common stock

000


000


000













Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price per share


















Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase shares of the Company's common stock valued at

638


720


236


































































































































































Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase shares of the Company's common stock




























Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price per share




























Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase shares of the Company's common stock valued at





















































































Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO exercise price per share 0.09









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016


































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Outstanding number of warrants December 31
 2015 | shares

105
285



Outstanding warrants weigjhted Average exercise price December 31
 2015 | $ / shares






650
318


















Outstanding number of Warrants as December 31
2016 | shares

755
603



Outstanding warrants weigjhted Average exercise price December 31
 2016 | $ / shares




























































































































Outstanding number of Warrants as December 31
2016




























Outstanding number of warrants December 31
 2015




























Outstanding warrants weigjhted Average exercise price December 31
 2014




























Outstanding warrants weigjhted Average exercise price December 31
 2016





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































755
603




















755
603










208
468




















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











755
603


105
285





000







255
603


105
285




































Outstanding warrants weigjhted Average exercise price December 31
 2016




























Represents the Total common stock equivalents (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 15
 2016
Aug. 07
 2015
Jul. 25
 2014
Jun. 23
 2014
May 31
 2014

























500













000













000











000


























000
000













000













000













000













000











000













000







Shareholder
 Kae Park
 and her spouse Howard Baer (collectively Park)
 under which Park committed to advance the Company a minimum





000













000







Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the due





000
























075
000













000













000









Company has agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at



000













000











000













000













000













000



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Shareholder
 Kae Park
 and her spouse Howard Baer (collectively Park)
 under which Park committed to advance the Company a minimum




























Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the due





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











434
137


333
812





307
744


775
000





000
































































































Amount of valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
 classified as current.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











633
041)


333
812)



Deferred Tax assets (34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)








473
442)


668
510)





312
555


270
524





621


621





322


977





913


913





287







307
744


775
475

























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











932)


268
362)





031


355
856







594





345


765





287







269


147



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
May 11
 2016
Apr. 13
 2016
Aug. 25
 2014
Jul. 25
 2014
Jun. 23
 2014





























500
000






























000






























000
000















000















000















000






























000















000











000


000















000















500





Company is renting 6
100 square feet of space for monthly rent







500













000


























555

















000















000













414
667








































































































Company is renting 6
100 square feet of space for monthly rent





















































































































































































































































































































































































































Represents the monetary amount of Promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer principal amount
 as of the indicated date.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. for a total amount

000



Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. for rent

600



Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate

050





690





000





000





261





356





204




































Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. for a total amount




























Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. for rent



















































































































Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Apr. 10
 2017
Jan. 10
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company





400









550









938









407
579







000







000
000


















000





































































Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company

















































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( $!_D4H?(\\#P    !




P$


-Y




(@XW?!=0+


!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M



EU14B29*CFI9-O)S;N9U8SOE5567#=B*2U[JFXN^:
M5?R^B''\








MP_PF_CT&849N
@Q? CA
\=2+LJW#Y -O$D\$#=['FHFSK3UD=.#7QA8^@]F^

778_U@XJ=E.E.=5]T

OYL7AU?[K^






MEL50ECQ@

ML
EL)@


MG4Q#^&_/)4$;@R9&Q9L1Z8HS7+JMILS-'1BWJF)R[*HJO;H/'AY
_%&TK^6A





6!.B0A2DZIJI5:*MFI[[223@-9@

&IOE92+ZRZ




G

Z%=Z12=5Z3(.X
9!10U6*FE




MB+;K2WXR?YCNS\M[XZZB^RR'HC)U6]@Z:
QQ$[[!:\:3/F!0_%686SL[#_I4

K^-_-I2B?OG;@U]K9LA__!
'V@WW7+:M&_W<2K:./OMY)LENE/9!.Z*


M@R157J4R0B6$%K27A/22X%P6XE
R/L6YQ%XNHR29N8R5 DB]9+ 
$L497RBM

MP(ZT[PAP\B*.T8Y1.B86'R @

S#P2V
M [X=012(

4RD0GX:6'A4I5II )FJO*9AB9*VI1B_K
M
?1!LY5CMFJ?K9,F_1_5(93/JT/3E6.Z
M:I^N'#,3^A]IQ?QG+J.D3&HEM5CZO*?YRA/L2_B^1HV:UX]
-0(T#+)'OY\




M2P
^J]#\ETRSWGCLZKX9[]M=_?S9#[;
M^I?\K6@_5Z??_)B0G<_&[/_P[[[HY+V3[AF;JFB&S]GFK6FK<BRELU+FW\[?
M^\/P?3K_$[LQ# ?0&$7 /5Q@!X#](\ 







F3=/ J3,4)(,58K/O3A:#N(6CX4@$Z1


M:-82;RZEE


%8-PIQK)IIK'XHN36D6H(5&L:* )ST  .
M:LY!
_Z?#1ROFBKXWCLL[R<

Z)XYG!FA!*64\O)

=]$&:!4&BNLS$)E%BAC-\_*!M/$H2P 
4TA
M8?E4&6#TQ$HE4$\]+#[996$]YX0H2*(,4TA0VGJ;N0
C*8+PNI9$2-U*=0

@X#IT,'?OB282EEM
M^<,]H] &,&Z<$C8!)R 3OB^3



HWE216Q-L*1%-M-&E6N^C-ZXKN'=@?

M+;J\W%O^#U!+ P04     ! ?Y%*@&
P+

M:&5E='

 S]E2@?L.EDAF49M95V%B&00!HM IXS

MQO9@\*:Q3HN IFN9[QV(.H&T8CS+;ID6TM R3[ZS*W
[!4-G!WQ@];_3B!

'J


Q7'6CA;VP/!F\:
MZ[0(:+J6^=Z!J!-(*\9WNUNFA32TS)/O[






50T(1X?(]G-XW99 3;SS^(+=^X_ U02P
$
M%     @ 0'^12J]]LIJT 0  T@

M9K8S(








=19$
ME4!:





$%     @ 0'^1
M2I7W?Y:U 0  T@
U-FM_@'LY
MY]P/+NF YL4V (Z\:M7:C#;.=4?&;-& %O8&.VC]385&^=-4S/;&1!E)&G%


MP&?;8S#QD Q\R_B3PU.! S]KX3X8DW1^Y[4P1G;$6\\\E;[[WFF_WGE%V#
MT(0YC1B^Q




&T+7.]!5$GD%:
[W9O
MF1;2T#)/OK

N3=K'^2:;8=L /@/X KA+
<;\/WFPKW;[_A\+? Z;!(=$</AOB5LQ^S^2L%5/
M-=@V39,C%0XF3?+*NPSL/4]O\BM\FO;/PK;2.')!'UXV];]!]!D[&['7A
M@RV&@L;'XVTXVVG
)L-C/_\@MGSC\B=02P
$%     @ 0'^12E9X/L6T 0
MT@
6;ML8TC -XG?Y] 3N.TSIY 6:8<^;

&0#FB?;
M CCRHJ2V.6V=Z_:









ZK@/XPU/)M@Z@$\ /@
.
0\;$T7EGX43


7P9




M ;@\O[%_CK5C+6?NX


MV+'W'0]/O#FDV)LR.&
KXAV*=^B]%)N;CQF[!*(IYCC&I
N8.8(A^YPB74MQ





Q22@VMDZ8E%JJ


M_
+^-=:.M9R%@QNC'F3IFXSN*2FA$KWR=V;X!E
]'RB9BO\!%U 8'I1@CL(H
M%U=2]


$%     @ 0'^12@@\AGT 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K



 @9=ZS%KZ#^]&?C;?(S%)S<IRK9!IL!WV^,I_$Q

U\2)YY0!N#Q_L'^)
MM?M:+LSO1;/O'9=@0\8U=P0;@G/7Z%5


*NI;B1/^!TW7X;E7A


&Z?)HDH/*D[RPCL/[!V-;_([
M?)KV1V9:KBRZ:.=?-O:_T=J!E[*Y\2/4^0\V&P(:%XZ?_-E
8S893O?I!Y'Y



B2[^**S/9!20
71WROM7 _SJ#L
MD-

-?('PM;LXM-C
4DD-QDMKB(





+S&7]
:=B8)PE_)X(H


M0^%O!/M5@GTBV/^WQ#7


V&L%VTP=B\R\N?@)0
M2P
$%     @ 0'^12DF]E=VT 0  T@



MUOHY&%_J F=!$ BH7&!@?KO '0@1B+R



MJP2[2+#[;XDK






M\-\2MV+^5




2YX;6Q]



M4I(EN]U;IKC0M


M)%0^


M_8



M!*(YYCC%).N8)8(A^Y(BV4IQ3%[ DVUXNJDPC?#T%85_$62;!%DDR/Y;XE9
M]D\2MNJI MO&:7*D
H..D[SR+@-[E\0W^1
^3?M7;ENA'3D;CR\;^]\8XP&E


M$/TKB!]0$B?MNLBVU'2:-FF3HD[K/A/[;*


4

M3Q68-DZ3)14..D[RPCL/[%T6W^1/^#3M7[EIA;;DC



M\BU (


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(T+GAM;'U3VV[;, S]%4$?45.
MU@6!;:#I

0DBS;;&Z9XD+3
H^^
MLRUS



,T.5*9
M0<=)7GCG@;W+XIO\I^F_3.WK=.7(S'EXW];XSQ@%(V-SA'7ZPV9#0^'!\


M%+X!$(@&'$!P79


M$%#A=.0#! KY -\#!!0Y'?D @+*0#_!50$=9R,?(%#(!_@V(*#4LY$/$C@



1G=.'[?&TC_$IX%GX!9G$BNY
^2A-V5TIE:D




M2P











M'MA['M_D7_@X[=^$K67KR




6K-0.S8^TZ$
M)]X<./:F
[8BGB'XAUZ+SG?)RF[!*(IYCC&\$7
9HY@R#ZGX&LICOP3G*_#




Q




 &!!VV

M[S-(




W\'Y.GR[







M?PJ]NUXNS


M!-V$)VM0J88NC


S+GAM;&U4;6_;(!#^*X@?




M3$(^\Z_

MBL0!@L.-2 CS)2R2!$62 $%\(Q+ [*
;$;+J#@&J]G.A42&'SL_DRKN
WCWU

3A4QFWW=J^F@9D
(_OY

4;.!DB.VT%N;U

M+:&WLS

.


MB?#-/PK_0[!=)-A&@NU
-IHK39$F.71



M$80:





[S$JH6*]L

.&+BMY8





7Y



MH[)X









\
X1

GF#0B/ T^RB!(8D=

9'%-!9# NP'L$P(
MRH2 3P(31!!!/@,9CY[3#CU4O$H$0

M@

ST'X 35-*4!@E
M*W; ^[A%&
AH9?




X+GAM;&U4VXZ;

MK


L5W
7+S*



M@%)#I&W\73C#5=(4;N=7]J^V=]W+B4AXXO3/T*B^#'=AT$!+SE0]\_D;+/UD
M8; T_P


U682 Z























MY(S)'(8[S#Z-HL@ODWIE4H]

MA(%LW72HH!(C=Y.YR:X#^(#='?L'GZ?W&Y%MSU5P%MK
M
P_&&E!HM-U^

2AI T13ZRCK7IS8KPA4C7Y.1 =I^1H@IHZB
(P

M;_V;13*$N0.B(2 : Q#^:T \!


M4SQHIA]YAS(4)38
U
W!NT-.3P-_,((^I4R$PS,Q*&;HW$;&W(XV^0_'F@2
MX.).1W'H;)I@LI'JD\U7PL]5*[P]DVI/-COGB3%)5;KP2:4KU6%J;-3T)/6C
MVOL]WI\H^H9DW7!:L8C6_$;4$L#!!0    ( $!_D4I^R6VP7P(  -L'   9

!#\*XCW.S#?1 3I
MDJIJI5:*KFK[[! GH#.8VDZX_OO:AN.(;4Y] 7N9G9TQL%L
A+ZP&B'NO+:X



MPE@R1U_)E)WKBD3E^LW]L_*O#!SA SM?[=G'B]=3/7.:$SO&+^3(8O:#(4
MN\[D_ANZ(2S@4HFH41'
U-6IKHR3=F(14EKX.MZ;3MV'\4F23VGVA&!*.8$
MD'R8$$X)X7MI




SEPN4[&FX[@9-YSTTRCU






M   ( $!_D4I*:O
(L@$  







@Z\

MD4JWKDG1^ $  /

MVXZ;

_X


@F4IRVY



M

PZ^$7&M&^F=N-(GV9ZW^<*M


M:&5E='






S PWV 'GELC(^#-RAE-*&SB?

MKMPW.%Z5%LW(8J0T['48Z]:-_7 2TS'
'T#& #(%$/S? #H&T$4 &I0YJY^8

M\V#R:
(@HV$20KQB.@=T)R/P'U$E!'$
\(
(X63@9
ZC#MD 3C').%&0^

%VLDB!
V



CIU$GO&;8G4+)^')6]-0

 

M#LTVF#1(
TP@V FK0%9@,1N ^(T(-8@6A@DJTH&36(UK=6$.*;52WOJ18P
MD1


M#9








:H)=/^B^JS-I+/*C85


M;'64T8Z;

FR@8[*)SY K]_47'14Z:6X(#D(

$S
&:

M_


E9HM\*^T\5+
M';T5489S=#-&L^8X:?!*@[/=HD':?X%@)P1;@^@=)'(;1$Z#R!K$[PSB3963
M)K&:?JHR#4@0N#FQDQ,[.&3#F31DQ2$)(<2-(4X,<62#88\8' 4Q4GBYB1.










M1WDGBZ++9)[CSY T/#.[P
O[M^P/MGA3S'/6RCM5_



!\1 0_P^()P/8$



MX88 OB
P
G



ME3W_;)72TB0D-^95[
TI_3PHY%9WMXFY;_JC:C_0JAZ.X='YO\#R'U!+ P04


VJVP
M:SIYJ6=O113L

]M)



MG
ZCLR'J
0\=)AY@XC%BY2

)[8$R8@@
MAPD2DQ!&1$4#B9=)C

YE[1;%A^!Q]4;*2E )06@
MQ-GGZ^+='=0A\B'B;F!


.R%&#!#@MV9


M=#4S+GAM;)64[6Z;
P+NW:7M0E/RO:#[ 7@3PS1L2?'5 ^56$<
MOBP\]J=.F054ER
+U_
7]D^U=]W(@

3Q%NNS



M)_-R



;


5?!?$ Q38V



I?+IBV1ZL-!)C+/VTKZ.?[V1?U+9FN\/C]7?^R:U\V\I[5
5/XG

=_KN_\N#S+7\O9)=
92Y77WUUONZT85?17]




M!090P2

T+C-!(F 

M&.1X(  YHK'&'.0@ #E$:(;9Y(N[

!   ^!   &0


_15!'U YCNTT@6.@

)=

M7
D1J7#V/757O#G$]FQ*%_1'X?=L\=I&KT6RSW)R=403YA0P\0*SF1'$LL\2

MJDYZHY

MZ81&%VGL*_)W74MIP!83W=EJ6CO



M970U-RYX;6R-5-N.FS 0_17D#XBY;Q0!4I.H:J56BK9J^^S $-#:F-I.V/Y]
M;4
H9*W5\H ]P[G
V
;9P


[OZI]M[[J7
Y%PX/1W


M;D_

M_ -02P



(E:0AYB

M6H%X(

]D(/C#+0*!L;$6]T;SM

M^;\98SN?A'Q6+8#V7GH^J(*T6H\'2E750L_4@QAA
N-D#W39B@O5(T26.V



0SW;PI2Z(
M;Q
JJM.@7%Y-*SU[FMAM<.\TK
M4;:$X0'A$AN 4'L:IE!+O./3+
REV+RY+SW([._.#B$9F\J.^FVPJV9Y)69




MV7/^:A9?#AL?FXR 0:&
!-7#!1Z!

M[&=U4.7&3WWO $=Z9NJ9=Y]A*(CXWE#]5[@ T^XF$\TH.)/VZ15GJ7@]J.A4

MQ$Y*[* L9Y3XIIXX)C@*[H 2)RAQ@
@

M Y'



2YX;6R5E=N.FS 0AE\%
M\0Q.9.((#5;5:W42M%6W5X[R22@-9C:3MB^?6W#4I;,7NQ-?.?_YLQ\5#T





M6I;-1HUNT$3SC7Q?PTQ_A,D1&A
A





BYX;6Q]5-N.



M#L
=YK3K49&YM9
L


M/!/BA1E_R4D,R'9$/#DS$7]2#4M,BG&0$Y_UD#MF8B.B7F9E5UT[\[MF;3*
MK-X*LHLR?+-

P

!1 7P7Q
M  4;#*9*(BUIHDW:I*I3M]]NXB2H@#-PDN[M9XS+@GU![9_PD7OO\8WQB9E=
M1?W:'#F7WEM95

M@

P4J65_YBIN\]UHN9.,LBK_AC[37GLF3UWR4OQ'7N(__]QE-^.,KV1K8

MMA??=G

&8%Q=!AS(
;$V71








;11S4
H\ Z3$1!L
M@2H@CI_U) K4C+:%(9E@0%94$L6*Q


NADRSM/0)W['\+#



I.!M5M!5&

M@/5AEJ9IS\ZNZ;12=V]%\KC+T


Q2M#89HF01!L&THV#24K0[N9@#.4K$\(1^M]T.QRF8_]

O

MMH'MV]=VLA1LT[TAMG-FYCMQ

?4@
M!MZ;.SLA.Z;-5.XS-4C.MBZH:S.8YT76L:9/EW.WMI++N3CJMNGY2B;JV'5

M.:N?F&;+N13G1(Z[-3#[4H 9
@]S8Q?=LW/WC%ME5D_+(@?S[&0339K'40.O



M(A41I

]\)H;E)ES\8=P=SOE\F+=]I
M.Z1F+
=#;IQH




M;G1/&3.5M(X_4]%PYC2)R_EK]2_6O#9S()+N.?O=G%2]#?


MP)R0X/\FPD!OB6DUORHS%K]3!2I2L&'0(S_5D_,I4@V4!_FT03MV=D][5;J
MZ*W"2BCFRDT878C!BPPR8R(=/69 O@H=F5[A#LUP@(_ S0:P+:?/C.!/07


I8D=



---S
M

  &D-   9

!2&;P5Q 05_ E42:4W7



MUVOP0(
G]RM?@-($A#(0P
M .+<O!7SRIDJAH,<#G#<F^MK:#Q23 )$@!'4CB%8/BB6I2$)0(.: TA$0
MS
E 3@9PN
/I-7S H1



M:$ABG(YW#W83Y-L)R1(7!8E2F(-A
\& F1#'MNZP;R:



E#_;#)CI_

M='






O?+^QT+BGUOK/X;O5.FW4TFFE%R
M)NW3*V]2\694T:DTY'T8Z]:._:C_'




MHH(UB5AC#=0SD.\#] :%:\:!5H=HC!


]%T._


!2&;P5Q ;'Y



C2['JH9&5KSQ

/?'N*PP%$=\;JO\.

M-NM;@#\!+9V@I0
TW5F])KT!X04.B1NCCU?G#L8.4#C=PGC6NI#





O

M/\_OREGSH\4D6T:W??N\]%;O'.[_+3K@.J^*$H\Z3=YD*V^L O/_]3_^1Q#0
M


7]02^^R7/


V'2@'\.A85WG
M*V]?9UG]Z'T]%.VF !^[=5/H.[GR;+K%H]I\DB]_8XG$R09-9PJ9.\^)3=
MS3S



=_ZW'V5 X9%KT2M-F69)7)\VG@A

G'O'AXQ L= D_.
<@!H\#JK04I%\O*FF*U7_ANEY9&5V+-L








MH*D3RU


M^@Q9W6 


M!M56$;HV*M=DA'!'+^&;7X!.SC:_[32P^:WDAM#8%CDJ]GD;H.)CE#JX[8@9




M35W?C
9  ^D7;VM7MZ.DD_S/_[O3/_PQV6Z.Y!+TC



MB]D



MSSL8G@!N+@I@G:B1MLWRU_)QD7S(%PN@:2F@096
/ESC5U?:4B7@F (V359E


0
I^8$:HU:!%SN#V_B4
MHZW)BXT8OW_W;GCS\FTYS]=GH

MRCS[+4]RO0I1$J#%\R53EM4CL/P
Y&YX \03YLIN@TY*X4U35F3-2?%EE;-B




M9[





%-:/8)*QL2\3D@_@2UEC.A3D?S4

C
M0-3X(CSP2_&73 MH#]UP2 





M&XT*&?[?;/8L

K?P$'R
MD5\3

/15$0B,YXL&-EDR:_C^+^ZOX
M-?$DRLEQTXAYY;HVFZ6MN.P/)=,IT=Z,HSZ)]#V4Y928LZ9FS&[9<6A$SOOU
MB@0)QO1E<Y.\/KM .853S*
I_7A@IG7'HB)IOE*BI/P_X-%%
9H6CMFU[

(FPW,DI
MHTE)1&#UO$3Y#A#W#NV#RL/D)QTP:2C\R.C+;+'^-D\8($&4+%5]AOKMNQY
M)Q&.GQ9]^2!/(?

MR?X/.2D07]2:
4X:\0/T9[KWU]F4+?4&LQTXDS&-8(K6(=BS694NQ8FNLC%/


MCU

6GC%1\RJM@W'02CLOF][0B IIQ%(+(]TY(IA470Y=H

@FUJNMY$I;T





M2/*%^2

'WVM0*6U

MB$*&MQNTK:X7Q.AL2#VL


YS V^KZ)%



ZG+62!?6H1)^&8
$9-I3(?JV^R1'5*U94R@G+=
F!^3L 88IQ5T1IR:^GOR*(K(J5Z/?*.4'


899A1VPH02^9
M


UC&)W

M@G.EHE'.LNH!

M&K\TI82[('6
MZV 
(WYJ#:9IIPFC/ETMZF_%_3






99''*7LG[6!5[*LS$2



M\NJG*PRE/;NZ/!O=A%


MP^*TA %W_

MKX&


)A!O3%$__$(;D1*$
M 2V+*@0B9@&D5I


M4=I2BUSF18?HK&MKHW%%)&A(Q6$)*-XL6\G RN-9&?0'Z0#]57SU.7!]:L
MRO4#LYORNIT,HX/DG?F\0+@%L0$=XL]P0_+J[FQ430$I]1C6)N75#
PJHD
M*[F^I*D=FNN*3'2*W0*6(*Z\IL@+&



P\A@%WV ]_ZG'+:[K3P
M




.D!:SXQ5\=K_U0
MG2SU

M]+4;6(X?.KWR\+H;R*D2I9\P.# IDI$CJ9U\=#:PTV
F0EX\WKZJ_D)?D%QL
MJ/K.


M4]9&K_+V0]'A DIN96/N=&(0P(
Z$
?J&1*A=K'#XZK(JQNU[BE#N=09_N


MEUP5Q=.ZUQN=MI%R9.Z?'?7$J(GWZC!=!#G#DUSXN&3?O!$0.G
W$4#RP;86
M*BT&8#^0#!9:L9]_YZ0OC[OM6;K!-FR540*G1B0NK42D@-QRF5* '2P[.CA5

VR-$
M *1



I

8!$K@1R6P

M4U$8)8B(
4O+J

A3#%$==9/:H547S
:-D[



WYR)Q1]F2)W@V/X;&3U?5*)2JQY[#:F4D+M4M7]



VQ LI\CC911R2'



MS1ID$R

7_%K2JJ-%;2
MA?

MWQ732* 
JADD<<8G:_DBF5'4+!OB%G




&/Y[/W%Z&DEK

9?\!#9LO5VC8[H.
/D!99D^^B597V97.


.CE:J(D)V_
<KEF[$GYR_#UQ8BP?YX\Q[T








MGAQ-X!-Q0])V*=B3@WO96ZBF)A2S+MRY5JX5&K_(FBZ!/=B=7HAU&=L'787:

SN'W%+8'JN9ZOEW=


JTSW&J:D?=P_A9/W#QNF$J[C:44]RE^4-W'





J&&9I04_?OO7\CH.M!V_]#J7I7;K
IU6&I05^%*9V0@B8F7L


(Y_/@(


MD;2M9X9R'MIU\08[YB4.WGS:!SN2T)\UK12H4,G8N0PERV'$7\2L4


29M&0 2PVP_!

MSZQT;4VO _4G0NH$BH2Q/((7QQZ&GH_S

KHJ9F02
MNU^6G&YEI3LTT\I%3ZA7KTZE[O8=7*0N9_^5+0K_*H

M%!'AN# N=H=D*4*$_'H0=OI\
@1\HU<0/OWEX0:6@#_7<2
M.8_?&NV!N WS-28A^,,FN!@2A(TG @74&KGRVU.0B6X/%4#R KAMS,^,1WU
M*:NR 47L/VB6.CY%N97T@F2GA
+?E!'M6Q.Y4(VN@__QUTF!R]BDS5E.HQ
M9L5SSK;$&7:ZLP/THK;7[



)3) 2E? K5F*J



9=1 @WQ/M?P7E=@WL#A8[[

IDQ(IR::E3.QSJD(<AT



M5?8;L#A\1&Y$Q4;W6L/AE#:B'U


]T*?J2KN2VI@GW)EUQ=Q3)V!VJ#F(L1
MLD]&%

)-XH38O?@1&9]


KN$8F



MV#DX''R?#


JMP!B0:$?5#]1]DOF54;@+FAR&R&J#.V = ;
<\FZBT-**6(
MBHQ13TXRS?WG8Q8I@

M-\

M_M[!?XE

;_\A5

MR


M3UDP-AM$XH4JHTCM4E%@ANAOC;JA/CIAK\9!-N^'F?T6LL6RS.5Z3\@+A
M#46P+#UI]-Y*^M!,R!SNJ-MW^Y385R];)]R8JY88

TMC%;TV8556V4:)GJ
M


MK0/'O+N+QD^8?2ECI$KR0&-93L'9(@QIP6US9SPG0]4O7^TY;9R@C*Y[RQGV
M0 :JS?D;^D8Q;E%U:J'R


GES^YV/7])UYUYU2/;;

95E[3)BFQ]I4[F9&0)C):
S\F4'$]M ]3UNWK-D
%?Y62K!H*!^H;



MFI](O*8D)I+*PC5++ NGB[-3








VM$;P &^]
F_:;3 #VY&RX
M%WO8/]: K6SJ8%&FG$B?]EP
QF34+R6B%4!6O)




MB/ Y+)9*XFN**.7$*!9.4S]!DX/D(SOM'O-L*D7;V! TGI2K53W-
!A-V6^?



MF2+?TO0@GCV?_OX--AH$?U:7+VJS89JK(W:5S:X/W[0+AR'K+A;KHGSZ2ZN9






M82B\@-3H5
7*- #8^Z@F.U#Q=
E0I5YQML+OP;/E?:1\/]39)=11K\&R2?88



3\5


 (8%(?+F80O1D



8$_-&GZ^*DR46C-#V#@#B:=8Y3LM



 A%L/)&LX:6)*K0#QUD2D$$J2(I+::^L$@UV

M 
?(

MC?X:*@


! *
MN:KR;%I0#/K1!R9?NM-&4$5G
?)YPALA'VNN-_9LZ)7
EH&6=?
QGV5N-PH





M+
@C1')/RO%^]PF[;UK5##8=34LB4:OGI5051CM)K! L1K+54LA MB@]O@UY

@5&


M'

MM
5.)'U3Z


7DLGU!1#'JC'4^TKCUEWH?\TMP\



JQ*]9\#W*Z*E


MGXK\21A$8:9 
9G





M[QA:@ZE6&:!]&?+$13]

X!3O'0V2(((+XT@3


M
G9W8)D0BOJP/2#8LX!S\Z1$B C/HCHP$EDNX9+
3J F51AR9T.SZ5NYBU4/
M(5.
DSL(V)W$I:[%H[%[32I(4B:P&D PT4T.7$:@)Y1/
M=0%K.ZF^Y/0G5!#9\\V0,7^GBRBI N!OZ!RGF%FRXA-D:NL&<;5'BA)AP\0
M6


M2ZSDEZ:

[L15(

MEDK\IY6
)O3.HY8F/UV5GK*#]



M(F24Q2I@B=9)K


M




M


38P0I4


MZ?;W]([BBR(@CRQ 7C3T\?A(!]8Q'%8E9;[T#6P[_J75VAI/X:V
_H5&CR*C






MT3;^7] V?G-#]RCI#'SJ6X




M*E=3F&%3AGM[?J Q!92_G==


,NUY&NXA<'X1Y4V-95<GO;


M=36P!0

M+F

U%6('4(GQU'16&Z)(IM..9
!!31N

M?71[_F$4%[BV&QX1:SS.IR6YE$N9^G'0=!9(JA46\;G:X0[RW[)ZML3P0]






MD9&SQX*YP]_%8H;#7/HI9!M?MJTEVXPF,9P&-PB01Q1Z 1B:T.
6
MCS;&
MK/\1'O



MZMW\LCK0+1E]_^7

=%#O

.VM
M'PY4QTOOW


B[/=X@:N%T\5Q+1V/
U

6$'?!J VI\=/@7R+).0@8(FPA=;EN*IWK-H:M

/WLL\GM


:L#FW2J/+5




MSR4PR)J





M
HT&]//PRY_$1
^K4/D=[&7PJU-IJ/%P0_/'94U58$C/']N

M_:*/F]9O&1*OO;1Y)^'+TE




Z]RVX?Y




O%U)NHO2_CDA+\
M,4;4*:WA#6S)^E#,8F#7K?)T#_@@5H;!RF,$HJ?S(;:J3C)^_WH\^OM[=%.
M/HR:



$%     @
M0'^12N4(-








ML& :D[X.JJ2BCX;/7I7



G$]S



D?,;TT^5#$!LEX.$M%+KBYO5B8/BQB?]SP<]A)YGR23/N1#9

=D*]


\O2[!


2F
MV0]I!O'0^A6Q9GZ.;081


MR
3$-.
0:^:-&A$[B%0GRZ6)B6G&(=8
WNZBYZ:$ MG.-@=Q,34XQ*KYT;=L05,
MQF6]36WNNU:]BF630.-'TU


/#

<'$[.

MVAZO7S*EL69
3



D?+R $FOF??EAK/[ZD<UU.79N;4Y]7[Y=SF[=54TK_
MS;F\:]*ESG==G]KQFT
W7.HR?AR.KJ]WK_4Q.5FOS0W3&=73XW3FZGF_K8;G
MO:]6/^OAF






M'B]'NLO5R


M!
FA0')HD!P&)

I16.4HKG(4
M6#F*K )%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL D56@2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*
M%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR
M:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%DUBJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4H
MLAH460V*K 9%5G-$6:=CV=MV^[)@W.;]_EL^J_BU7]02P$% 
4     !
M?Y%*'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-0
M2P$% ,4     ! ?Y%*9O



M971S+W-H965T
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     ! ?Y%*2O/MCR@  D!@  &


M%     @ 0'^12F;VN@Z\ P  M \  !@              ( !
Q(  'AL+W=O



M2P$% ,4     ! ?Y%*D3[(.3($  #H$P  &               @ %P&P





  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4





4     ! ?Y%*?+Y$NK(!  #2 P  &0              @ '.


M

  !D


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !
M?Y%*# 




M%     @ 0'^12GM!\62) @  1 H  !D              ( !54(  'AL+W=O





MH2*W 0  T@


M970R.YX;6Q02P$% 


M% 


S
N


M:&5E=#

4     ! ?Y%*\O
%.

X+GAM;%!+




M
YX;6Q02P$% 

4


M=#0W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $!_D4J&K(8;VP$  &0$   9


M='








M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $!_D4K
I-F%


O

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     ! ?Y%*W.7[#]X!  #5!   &0

M   ( $!_D4IVQE(-
P
  * .   9                8V9  !X;]W;W)K








M%     @ 0'^12KD36U6;8   ^9T! !0              ( !HJP  'AL+W-H


Y' @  N@H   T




C=
M_D\L#:3ZZ^O5






Q.MWE8X+7KSO


MAP7CM7341T]\GZ!88TZ+F3P

@&?_P\QM9'%8[+\BMMREW0;_,P*;TXG /
MGVKQ_-'STKY_*O0&7*7#V(WD%#V\#V.9_38A\9+!'CS/HK6U<IY,N_ \B3]Q
M_X)+[S30ULC&AD2OUV[V#BVMI7S<1T^]#PPZOKMP\VFOA0)EX'P3G@4 ++'
MA6N

$



MF?#?%3^Q)=H;+#(;Q
M]
DG6N/DPB@9Q_@V




UPCGTZC\#MP@D3X=VS0:S89D&0
MU!W#S

M-I&^CW/&=.^$4^-.[$W3B7 &ZYG BV%TQP+0R0WDIA' 4TX!2?@$N06.\ J6
MZX!BTF#'^4FIDX?E)Q$/8N[B3M6!Q



DB@:8





P3
M'A!A!Z*UC1^L.EM_-O8ZD@$'9@J\E*[;R O$QARH;A$ +Q'H/97!!0'.AS




+V6L3)FO


M@#Q0;BB581:)&%=@%W 6=-(*O,T&4=*)
N1A/)1VSC2AYYV@5FAB)0P*/B








)R[



;6%ZN-.MQ*1N1J X1+[#8$+16O:N\L5@''8/9O

;V48Y;.C
MTS/20RTNH
%^5TP$M/F_]*!E? GW@$9#ME_B93%FFVO.PDQEZ'G:&8I;2^3
M44  4TG%P@$,7RPLQRFRA'(!,B(-QUYJQJ5ROIGS3.4:4*[O^\3&[:?+]!A
M UKOB8*B.A
*YF8F_%'%P.^9&F3.1=CGHLQ.$P&IG#
&@Q'YD(.$:9PC':%4
M43E']Y9'J@-7V6DDN6_T/3(1/&RAB(**LK]UN-4DR?
!QK.K](S;@RPC
4

&S4XKR4XJP!D!
F!L.87[M
HPO$M$]@TT
MLL)CZBBV'9)03NZFZ 03(4/('5I0I^H;HD%#I3E@)/5JBJBZRP6J/@W0
M*A+^3=VAXNVG=A0H44=/WFC1Q!</T-'.-.7CU@?&7%I)8@WC*XA1Y1CY%_F
M 8 -P0$%X42Z.*4*@-0[!64(;V9AET3GD11(O^PCQXSM86)QJ
(Y4]P*G2D&

N_[B*TC &X)VD ^

M][L8
JMB!L.2&?O&4@M'(\S1*%9)]3&0^[EP
-I!F



M


OGU5



5%)POX2S'#%FA1L]=9%H;D35

M%ELTXQ'&%


THFN?LKNAY= JS2!+ [KF
MLY'E)N6(00+OM:P BV74V2*-]HN5?@BLXH$19*A2ST=9J.J2AN
4Z'





AU7!+P7
)#7PZU7R):PN8O%5NM5BK6]FG7



S%40M/.ML3F(J6Y*D-KJNC









=FI'*;Z(ACS=!5%YF$39Z*1'@C&3NR7C@E]R597$TJL1


U2!?



M[T4EKP*?O0?NFB.LX1]I3$ !OJ$VU8$1AI8R$QL0@1B)-6EKX4;6H,@M 48
MD;@.PGPK
2^V?B;R?B7K%+_C#=.OYDPF)\S07 :@#V23E84DUQWE@K5[W[J


'ZM

MH2I$
R@J4;):!S]P2RL)E:2FF51).7+Y^_#15Q:B _+%!$M1?)2V9!^4S;]S



#M)7

\!B/Y6=#;Q@MCA=(M/_2JXJY




Y.07VU
5[2(HP*:2NM::YH+7&Z






MQ.?
Q[!K&MW UNA^/_G(/I_\=O+E_.+7D[-KT.BNKJ^HM_OG\U^/3\_8V?&O



M6QA 7/X)+)_;B6;%KM+%:U$


M




($W:BMW
MI_6


R/+3MSY SZ==69J@.RYG@U


?)^*(!8

6WHJ(D2)
M+/78ER-ARD9%0EVL\C@67O#I]
H_$[/^7=


!#C \C)5#LP23X6;R%M82&


= X
=C.7TJN+7:



M-2
AUDC-K_6
^DIIA]61'WF_/F@ZO69S-2!KU:

0<M8U_I\



M]:CV3
&H^OE71-MH=5M.=U [
G:;NFKUH1HG7HOZEY.TL0-5(.K@REV!5$6D

WQ)/OM#LLZ?.L6\U;1S
MS/&K/

@# ZD#K)C0\&Q.H/#TB 6


43(Y[Z

\/_P/?Q@[=B
T/^@=S*E\5T^E0FL


7B!^UWJ?(&G9#H9[!






MET^BJ5ECUO(',*&B=(WP623!\.T$FNT7(,__YOR)[P[Y#A(V]0G!XD-! [




MW2.GT]S

Z3W


M

T;$]6IHA8B'<BIV[.IR#Y\[E77


'.
1$)LIP
MH-(G
#A
AVL2\=N7=&N_%5(# +9[9:2V=MRJCKY8B!BD #.#W0KBX5PH^ILE


7&K%



M(0#8I

D
N&:NK]L]+G
EOFD'*+IY
MBTUU9=%42,M]MM.K]?420'S#05AT5!:1:.ZZ!'A+X6Q;P]_U)?] S*%8

M&
^3LM9




ML$8BY\
N48$*LW'DJL! 89

9R B<L
ME3%52
[BV.^A]*X*I7^#C


M1[6Q/YO-&A0_[N






MO9GG'P^UWM$.A!!4K[WYA5'*'QT=LJ3:W^.+_;7:50?KKA)C5OMRV\38WV9!


M;YW^:BVPPB*KYHZ5XHZU)O@RR&H_-



I]A5;I_\*




MP-J]








MLT=XFH03F




MJRR








W^56&2P5X6L;^P35QR?*OMD.WCNBK5V@DYHQ=]E)5Y+&KOV&589?I:L



NCHIK!52UTOG8D5#!TOF9LN\;8:NA4&3JU


A3G@CTLQ
M^OM/?[3Z/_T#)_O/@P-Q\_W@P$S^;+ ^.[\^8:VNW5#TY/CR[/3LGU?LS9?S
MJZNW[.+DDEW]Z_CRY#FP85E%L^DRG\J?:9S(T=T3H-V92)C08&1O -;Q6T*U
M&.$)B :0G$Q3Q
.$R.F
AS?1TVU/?8V- .384(HW$WE@L*7!0#C
MXL



MD?NAILHQJI?KVB#56[XMW79W%^6-2+956Z+FBS5?K/EBS1=W;Q=HI6S%RVW
M[RHE'[[UO?AE-F-;'?%


M0L8#QN-8)&R:1NZ8QX+QFT@(1!R6C'G(LRRP=P\.]\+7ISV)Q-8 UC_XY%
MX1WWDSM


'HO?/D

(8G-!VE \)4'9!U

M Y8Y2E7BZIO96

MKAD]7[8
3N(R B%XB
M5; ESY!%0HPKR
Z#3 0O9O+M@?(7P&%O:-O5FO/!UP;\3Z ;X'-TY3T.
M?=#@WI)$B
);Z0DE-F2B
(J P0-+

M/OMI#@RQVO)



M#@\4X4*G-X\5H
)^TQISJN8P:-EZ6WH4BQ!&(+;?HI@7=Z $3#AN3\L=2]J8

MR^.L2H?0H/#^;H(!8%4]1( $.!YV'

5)



Z9+[6P='BTTID


M%O6/7HR

M6NU#Y:#PTS@S%O:9]J[$-%$IM^VV ?)R(BH0HXNG*B(7Z&9B$Z

C#C

(H/
MP18K4.]JLK


M]-*^DN?0 PT0DI/@N*^R#:& D!X


L8;C)

M=ZW)9X1H]'[X25?P4Y+8NA9!S3F
Q5QH$K3T0K#HI&X^GPU


44K:B*J.B2.!_BHC- %!/MR



MPH



M6@VI-[U^I^
TNZV'5JVIU8GJ ;4FOUV!U)O
;[@&_3U*EZD=&B\OLV^O-)R:

MGJK!]EB]ZM#I#CI.M[O.C4

JH8 3RMZK[#&








M^O




BFB(4LG88!+0(1$
C7
M% GA[O^F
I:(GOB^=
]9^*[
MJSQI&/U)<E
6(U*+ ^8B'7ZI;.IMT%VP=&^/V@=3I.-(/2&O[56F7UBIRJ$






 
]*[D



/L4)+OG:4/-8J +@ECC+1V?&P9QZE


M1V0_H:I$*W(662ZM5[/;
O6AH.T#4CJY7H&4#$

0\ &
MMP$6381 FP (U74+52PEKHQB$83]32!'$DSD1-E?X] ']&FP3^B

MDC]A/71*0'\N


M!Y/BOAKL6



M/ ^G/TG6W&I9@P ]U$7J@4?&4Y+T/!XCGQF*


M]GEV

4HV?*Z:M-Z2%0




M0MU(*5=;R#YTM Y(TP%WTZJN+(_SF(EA#)N.]86$4@[-0&6: 3UH3%I0J#U0

0WD5?(M$%PP4$<J^UE$'



MI
1R\\

\2.9=
B\


M*_QP.E$WZ7%2\
OC:_@06A=L-ILU:!

M'X()UY]?D+UBV
Q
9R#A!MH4F




Y'QZZ+(\
\%Z$OW3OU


=1)J^8*NN%4.]K0+;


M]MGX^C46YZ
3.-

F:3

(F/1P%[S


M&]WI


M0*X!*;4T-]#5


=)4^J(W+R6(E\MM2ZA./Q_ @_@N=\D#+R#^JK53A
M8I6/&3]8R]YC@C%Q_#%92&

M4M#-I+.B@//[B'DZL
9XF_)





%Y)-E=Q-407$4@/H



1A"$R6A\80A;AA-=%
M.J[?I(!%3N8OX\K=2<TY,:2R0DF8 M=Q20I!/[34R07' P^IHP_S'#]';F!


U%KQ






M8#54O%95


HL[A%
MI'ZX)VOC





MJ+%$*M[&5W;=!
8M##8%8EIJNJRKJ8O):50B.^F
A$Q_9J'V\JJ?9$QWT
M


M


R2R5T;M)\U AE*Z) ]/8A
2*\JW.B$%ST^F883U2^W3- S.

M%9V)2OKANA&?W6A##:@?U2L=F;%Q=LHW5C4Q NR:.M(GDW]/@

5\-ZR7@)@=%:
;W5&B308%F4-!-V#Y

:P99J
M47KVI
M)(%T ]I:BVX*16#RVMU8_*T*G=76YW^@DI18;W5(8P?(D:T6N*:(TE,LF6
M##\




M]$3 CJSZX#/(Y[T;Q'=M=&)
358WG:^LCQ5+744=5 X-'[K]2.2!@=N/\JFO
MX*
VRST3

M0

Z(C]*
MUN_!L6NX# 5(B%MA5=?^$K%WB*IY_UUR%FBCJ*HS4:4R(5NR9DLSJJ'0)^



MR41X&%JCO
N!^HD*@L5&N06=;\7Y6QTWL9&= /TYO!-^?NR:H(+QRWSB#K




MAT@1?%




M$PF!5\PO:5M)2_;%7RRY!6X*M)
HK+A[L_TZJBN9PG'#QEA61G&*-\9+IBQI



Y4&
MO)70A)JI4#,5:J8.V*I#S=03L.90LN^T! HU4X_2&$/-U/55S# 1R;0O==


(']&#MR8IS_*$U?*/^OJH]YGD5&\]P)F/'@K#


M?+D

@[[^FG=]L:M5F
M$[Z3$X

)B(EH^C26W1T'.Z

M
*3J)T.+


4:.QMA(62


@

M$B


M./\[54\WS/JVHWL*3:J/G)&T/&VTB&E[MI%GP5/DR2K'C8-O1*L@5 U99JA&
M_.Q












A*X+117@\.7E_T!AR^78N%/;=]\<\SUG)0=_AL<

M.@% @5/ST2=0 /T_I/[SO:L!=@S@GE\-(2[V#UA2N-[J(QP( 


*7ADJF\G)OHRRXKZ87
%K;

#=G0N/
 V7%I[T/YC

/M[/53/QST\'TJZ/-)5$; F7_+E!VNS3VR+0=O&8.08J\

M=\+TRZ5P=W]S\9]/-Y\OKV[O-AW)A





A:$@!?!S+#8*]C0\!QT+
M1.LG4!WS&%BN8]KRK3F&-@)
W-E!7@8 &='9/BX7BF^[)ZDZB--A\J/@Q(K

P57

M!






1-5CZ;MD6\1?ZX'R5 9P/G!QJO4P<6Q(W'PUZCK8V2 _DL-



5[6B

1



5.

#X.CP
MUY6ZWK0+=[DRG5?A[@FS(;@+ =QKW
D2W&M'8C;KN-?$D3X!]]K0T0:XUWBW


M?T'!DSN_=IZ1'RSQ0ON7EC^S77_MH7O
P ?;G?W^S__YR_N%9;_[CAXNT3.R
MW17YY(7K!_[4F5^Z2]-ROIA+Y$]]'P7^_8.=?%68X:7!_[A%BW_\_%])__F?

MUP73F0NZ/-(
19BO/;QKA0!__169GB\@AWSS$LW0\@%Y@B*-!%F4PN_@'[01

M?X=(^.&+KX%[8^J3


T8G#X'X]T

M81YIH&/


M*:3Y\G *55LZJ%'%F\R& -9X=V_SLOY0K^6P]5HFH[$.Y5IX%R18/+!X8/'Z

3X5D$.;

UP8 44K0TH:
M_#06U=%D



M


M@(_C=$&%IH\TK488$V *?@S?O]TG1_@5.0ZJ4QP*0


MZD07-&;B#[BKR!/&D+LS!?01O(X,2XFW[9EM0H.?$  ;OZ\\)VI!4::2.
MP9$Q;.T^
#'BL-1?SQ)&P-(BX?@RJ%(BI/3/DJD;73:AS^R4K'?O^V:W$P2
MI/-9UIDOD$4U9S3;CGZ9_\3H^W1*LA F^OKK)29D_8G\=(8TM8/_5U+UO_M)











3(&W$WTQ/


MH@=O;7JO@CP)8=PH _TPT/M)/)=%8861'H6*\
3+GSPA;'K 5URMY@T7@
QQ
M )DC?]X=N'3 \NW/\LEU31] 1VXT+P4=IRO/L@4#8.-090E6]!BL*.#'T](M


M(

02/7O9SRM6E6N]Q:Y


M06#SB^:&\'XP5
NX


#36M)$N







T
MI4OOA5&.W/1Q&P $
CB\#$!#AB\=HWO4HJ[P+AQ.#J*N$::@25QK4G=% M'L





M%HRP7D7
A/GJE(+IF(^(#F)NQ C=)D



MM.;(F3-ZEX(%';H%A6LSQ\*1Y!X.



(

M(N_N2]?I_B8U+^MO8#:_%:;QG#+UK.'$OOG:*OTL5PBAH
]$.Y4[!.-F*%


M[[*OFH5@%\$N@ET$NSB\69!;2A.[V



&)5[9-#0I0M&-0-) /


CAR H

[C8G0699VBXJH)Y/!JL/9N#


ME$JF].[ER0K0OM=TSR?3&T7]J_ 18;Y

_RI
GQ_/A0O76YT+MV;0.H-Q

^5



P=$+]FJ(]DH;
M*9(\TK0:^35PWL+^Y7#_RF-QI

5:JI(UT
M68*C%G;O

6[-0 [=1$&2FR

O5ZN3
M;(OPA]&.%'+B^@FT:I&V25'4TD7HO


+&GBPJ_M_ -RT
(*!M1D99;
1G 70H!_



$A:1.

FFDJ+V79X9-#9OZ@)M:TT=C
MG9
L'SB?!U^7 XP9&+/#&;











X*Z@(*?B&8X1!
C(




D-BJP#
T!S=WB;PEGI*.<&:Y@)D*7KG<IQ&:PS6


@



 GR9TLP2=Y
O;TC22.] GX
M)/G4M


M-\[]$_JW:SG!KWB(M;?YOC##7.)_W*+%/W[^KZ3__$_P/\Y.T.//\[.8H96
M12OXV]H/K,7K#M8PFI#P$,Y(\,F4!&LS)P'_+WAPF]D6L)S.\!_UDP ^$2
MS=#R 7F(HT$691TP73FY =-L'S!]/'G;-M]8?5/616H? ^SSAKC#2$J?&&&
M;!MO[)F5+$D
-:YGSM+$2B]5NGBN




MCU 5IKZ/@@9-E
 \&] CG.E $  @.!65%SI/]^[&@ $%P!

ZE[C!B.IMA
M;@)?N$4S9#W3H$UJ2?ZOI(E_Q[\-&W-_;=:8&XQ

M?6#
N+6CL;X[


?%(0BSO]=&-:Q?W!5K
U _
$X 3 8 3T'X )P!.!NC7B'/W/EOF@V5;@84@
M-NNHK,AQKA1@

*@ PTF\








/BCGIJ^)LL&8?3WR


M!





^


M'@MN%F'](7K]; _.*H?ND8^\HUK7
OBL-3-?W #%5K*?M4B/V)UJWGLPF11-


4DLW1

S\%?9*W)
MF22.51%?@W;$#9ND**M5!



!^.K:J]+1L2ZQZQ
M2^[8;


-/2]$[?BM\35<KS_V!


M2

M
6V2RYBL\3?'PSKVZ%A_XG^9/SX@!RTP4-F

M+$\82&!3V:H?+NK-Z?YE1]-1:TZG!@


;*U ]?@$G^+)*




WH33FY)WQB?





E

M G#(




MF

M'J\+M5+M**04][%J?=5)6_+\8&W)5+7=RE.(+H0=N(]&:#1@$9];8\67O- _
MT);5_*4R

K#$D(;CHS6A@F4Q4\




MG_9DG#[+:O/0&4SBU9:UU
YA8KR6U/)]I61)$]/]-$JIA3T)8K!&'A\L9XT_


;65BB-@:



M+W$F4/)

MNU 9^U61RM::9DG\5)R62:









&U342=PWJF38SI3S


M.?C21I+BNLU3450]\7X5C
D@.IT_DT)-C1-C4@F*N;%B
O]9/[CNM3.[;7$P
MX2TSCJ:3'B8;&;RH7[:+06





M&'EM7Q:C2K:A3TMO9JJB=8G*WN?'U-0NYQ9*1JO8][S$DE,?)(47XM(;QQM
MKV%'?K(7I\W5(*Y=6+,^2WZ=-LW5Z]II=1Z9G![V6+VJ)EHSUW99^K5FV1J
MO&)

MY)TXOB@IH=IPRV7BB7)EE0J#@]IRD-MF6_%
^3:5=5B(A^B@=OFY;P_:D2Y3
MP71C8M0FO+DB.XG_.0[+:P
MC
1S539R5^ILA&:(BER?=K3]:5YO:)[C-A-Q


M)



M&0

(?H:L3





Q@EU[.9


M]_EA5H#Y
MY'!2*\ 


MDE2OY #.#;9-Y5?7-@/2E_?U%\NQEN7U+5C4I'-=V::6&[2$JOFC'=7QN(1J
M..@V59*Q'I4U:SE9.4LQ/V 9R78S58I)9F=Y:_F_?\27BS@]@B3SM9PFV4%Q

MXD^25A2_I7I19$[



ML!7NEOJ



M)RUU&R55SY]-FP3!M)&


MZ4BX8O14AG6ZME]8_*QFT=8:U3ZKAB]@PZFNJEVGQ=[U&UOE[,IN$GC'=L4
M@60%W6R/F]PJUG]8P2NIY]F17G1EV!HN)D-K3_98W#(WWB8B5]'I#H]K



&AI.OK/N_7L:8JW]B



M1T[#

^JG:%%+35L:(LE)2Z^*H7OA('_JD]Z LMJ=@UMD(PS2&R^!
M*FEZW)*R?. ^R#.Z
C8EGV[7.'4RS:.EICU0)XHB1RI0.FP/M/-YRM)D/&Y
M^QHC!LM+ 9G&LY54=2)%[S6

M1BNL_;@YGAK.*4:_6Z/$HW]SO+#YTYR827SU=#;%8YMNB
E$-J(]6#9L3/J#










?E'KG8CD:U?9?TVK#FM*U$M


MJ.5*?_XN7O^F7


\]XN7U@R2^IB(FF+4FVB0N$-*%:BIQXIE@PTU+]\8@
M0!QKXTF2-K$U&A
P17PL$*)7Z.RX5B4&'U#\O!UJ*86*14XZ*
8Y!TGGS&




MH&I(C:8HX?^]?[OY+?T0BC0U;5=1HKUX\&3$]V^C^6Q/+=;//4^/0#AL4 GG


MCQ4^[JW@%Q06N[&68:N

1^.
M]?XMD\0_L?0C'G@P^%L2
%??
















;PZRQ /5Y\-4TF.-W[]X=BE8).F.\BC)FTQ]OP[M#:,!!
MO*X.8L[]MX@GOXX#9=BN



,Y[+\L$3A15,-B[9: $FX8E'65Q
[@^'6Z%HQN9=*8(N/.!$Z?&]FZ[T








\A*'DW@/N%8LE_TZLU/[^2L]ZEW.12&Z.EP/-%5B07&8OMJG  T


^Q\&_?/^J3N8Y
1
M)OY*#,[PW$$<CDRG_LOYVY_]
F]_-AS)Y.+7GG/K(F[=8 68_E=G1^(RQ'(
M''?B #KE@GLOW




Y?$=-_EOIG;PBH\NOC
MU94[^GUX_AD/@7A.@8-@WW WO0[0PAKM
)KC0G&68W

]YDWW!B
M_


%B*0+;Q]3NO[2J=U%TWHOGGZ4JNJH_<8P.E/-
M6L?L4VV M9QO]; &BV[:<Z9BHEGMMQ8VF^:&J^V'O60RGH-.QG$A 79PU79



M=4P\

M(@YUA\ &A5KV#%=

'I


EQ[IFCNC]QFO+T [-_M )@\3CH=KCH
M*G
;]L)

MBR6BN;DJM1W





M_6QX;?.PX_?KKX'BU]_AUX_?MOJZ]IKHY@
$7V9X#DP6T?! ?N+AA)IUY

M!UNASD;-




MZ0]!@*3&D)I3\DG_JZ!U$1]1E 3?6T@*5%VQFX2S?JK_$9IM+![ESS)+5.0
MPFC
5#T+*[3T :2$F7#9




M;






W1+_8SXF
EMDU_478SA
F0
%!:35\
M2#V

P 06&7*J+JLLM;=:'$&#J2P=F
^%;K20E0=D-)F
MJ1C4
/ 8AL+#IJBWMM [9%1V)R NE+/K*?&F[RD8IWCS*N[-Q?HO!'R'#KLS


M
; ?QECF B@J@J\


)-HAMSU1:6TG!7GIABV]-QHMY(=.E!R[1CR^4!=*BFG;APS&+W1

+D/


MLDP0M@0&K7WL&;4$F'5X\\_GH.IH#4DZ@B:[-M!2$V\NJ
6T$(J?_93%05
M\GRI$X2O).8SEFUSL


/Y_GHW2F8G+RQ3$]K\.=CFZ%@HA(]F_
$XQO_V13@

:F#&
Y7QUCD?;0_-$+,\G: U9,+1I3C(EB47:C_ODDNUP;0)7.W499?S
_Q(.%S-2023-Y*G/&S?W:'%LN(Y:\ Y0&[Q4 Q^?J@;&


==AB'*@Z$X
[W&UT^/RC!]R_U%W5/Q



YG9*
M?*B-4KO5;FJF1(

Q%@BP E.A07\*#;7SBQ1Q

M&N#])%X7G]4$NM

C7$S:%_[G9#/WDEF:?/^E):MJ=Z8]M3!


MYT?#96B1NVVA*1Z[E+$+#GUF6/!ZFD:1.%:!L$'V]#!CT$#N^BZ4N*KH_VL6

(C8-;\$H@+^\AQ
6L#E/XI)+95K9$[%0
MXK-!\*P+V^S4A:+C2_BD#504-D9C.Z''DEJ\ED179YQZ*Y[@H]1@JS6]=&$#

M9PH[&$'2RKN)


EFF?;I&''6;W
M$DWU&#1D5=?YT*X+A:6FW7VIUY9N;6V'2PM!K8LD+!)3^+LS
=O'KZ!I6O@
MJ;!5R\D35Y=969:RF

19WXZ
8\


MT+BWO$Q7X4:KM-*?/@L-Y%H =LA$=\Q67G9D+\LS@
G-;P/4ER(&]X+)F*@1


H]%:


TAS='



7X[5.0(8]@

M)HHTH([*YMSWPWN$*8DPMU&D0H1
*?*J$DI5^9WBZ

Q)&'[-AHX*



M!.
JQ1^55)NU8!1IJRRF8^






9N

?(%YI+'6LO2$3L6.]A
M*JY9AG/+E&P;*\&XQ\F]0AV:MGE=HO+7(B*\!21] LN'ZR;BG55\)52Y^11K






\J@5FP0S@ED2952B-,0JS23&FEJ5LB[?0

M:Z X_LPM65\[%1%G:*5(27-!ZN^E#+7T^V4W!+FKM.XTK#62H
/P7H4Z=/-@
M=^VF


MW;




_@L07YHVYIGEC


M[D)L4'V;]J88MR$&+
^@YK?I+!!D*1)^X-Q
JYMO%@R])3NCF%0.;(UM9*E
MQ+22WJY=:\^L,-M'/55WOG4CM03^'NBT;:]VL-\#E8V;K@7@]T?=2NV!*:D
MU87O0=8
;DHYL
(0-
?LU:.W607]NZ^ _BS5S___53[_%E7/OUG%\^T_=5$D


%^$K$S%6E9$K
%X;@6Z

MJ&
&W)WG
_6%&#L


M)*[F/_2Q8F']S4;
4)N$OWGL][ 



!*0ZW(
MRM 'H5\9/?S_G
WR:G#B19Q^
 V790#DQOTI\?F





%#O


M\]LL5;/;0E/R#HP!!?LC14_=';

M%DHHZ\3J+00)J!R
\A-Q8X!3W!P6V+;K#H/]QF#.R_$I]_;] !/E[[#*6.0%
M


#$V
3(S




T$2#-V)R4YUKM2B;=NK

XAKF@2[AG#N-
MIO.




M:73&N#SLRL^U
D)[&EH;1FWB7C90)=.56*M5=Y)#=9HL/[A2@I+=4 A@
M*FU T01HQ\S'V._#$V




F0
1%QB<3F.
MY^/*[G2!NB,&V/]_%K\!TZJHRWS7#PC3G^LCC4M(-!8\F8=VE3FI%RO/SZU9
MCMSN!9^E#&W&R@<H3NPCY#
KK;\*#Z_S9 :ZH\C!]X1=B!EMC5?4[ZE9^4X

MCY#7 =7YB7TYYDM+LI[^&G15^0-02P

 P]%#Q=UA$.&]^^G9XW6O4_OW_^X[=&


@)/@I^7= ? Q?#&E$*

%IK_WJR:-UJ
U4OF MM07]K;%HUJ'&JVOC9/6

&K?/S\V;RUY7&Q)@7


_(B&TP%L
MD*
PH


MT]

7*BK-I:_9-MV<^2$&S-%8E&9:J(!BS:SMF^S\W9J\#++L#
MNGI;=X0)L:U6AHHM3]3G\GXX7-6L^W07'D;UU2[65]?CD8L'R0HZQ8TGUYTD
MXDWHQWAQ)('1.&[-M]V_SP__M&,WAG2=<-R!#Q<*OCN _F4]I5%SMYZOTFF
M]-X.QY
P(+]B[0WA/

U[8&$7A.!7L
M0C@LVH/:%!-WP@EUW/7KM3#R8#1/0&?[J(MA&




_2:;VU]YZS ;^(
;12Y)+'6
MI]#3
%VA2(::7%QAT
YLOM^HLWLJ;WDMPIGL;

MT@76


ACMQAT4!DFCB\L&0320F2


MAZ
4AY2HR


M4'Z(H7=9CZ

M-%NWS6[? C8PG.0H]R



=CRU!X;T)??CT0;
LDJ_(V)ZLF:MP
MAY*B*_PE D[/M&VRS-@WFHPL8=-@A5^E5&512&WS]E9/T@ZZC2$Y&TUY@2$G
MT\\R7AV\8EZ()Z=$!SC:#QG@5HU5F8*R5$7!KZ1#OF.VUI;Z,T1!2Q7AZR
M^)EN2N;+!UD^ ):$I!2@-NP6&6I+55:F%-6\4YB];*03(5$2_HCG(U&X01&


4%5&/D\80/:K&[=P3!EA-1






MUUJW+*F_JIHAR9DVPA&


EDGE
MN II\VXOUQ^H$]Y6LLVIWTZFZLY?*4=_#%P




OK3

'^8\G( OPR=PB2^+:8Y7=IT[PI$^_$7)]CQ
M22I:AZFSGX+DR6

;C]/V63)EA^G[&K^

D$1*_.K%89*7+Z%Y\W[63\&Q!
MIC2!%Q:%M5G].@C7+
&BB


MJY

9T$1.6Y((+\ZD7)V&)



MB

M+6L?Q02U23XFJE7;#!IGA];9BI





M.RMA'DN=;[#5Y(=NM.'LNT!(_EY9)7)$C/0[F+P4/HV3IK'_N$NSFES8HQ)K


M3&Z2C




M^5PR.[ GKC6BM=*ZLHC VG

M9^4-#](D^XU


R2:LJ$6^BP@%W\[YMU0M$6[D-NE#M[F;[HRNY9I)H=_S19IB
M
:GM;M(9=S



6.





W2XO


 T-Q1+0IT=J!CL0 @%[Q/H DY
MNL% WNB#5J&=5\;,M%#GV:[$XT)T[T+@$/3F01&2M)+[L1BT2;13Q\ 5X''

M&__=#W7G1/4OH ^

M=OWZ#&O; B;1.FJ+*J3)
*N+A3(GU3696'9/F'0]6FO*/6*KAT[ CIXKYB$F

MX@J\7F.7L1QRG'I5U7]02 X_DEP4=)*8USS3J@D^:.1.LB8H[N:L=.W';;QU
MIN&:RN-5#
:468?N78H'=K

MFW:F9#.[IR*-+(




O2

MY43MP4)3KA!:.G3RM/16







Z\VS\RL4NR9S5R.IFS19RZSN/XJ
!*W)%WU+W)+K6





)5WH-]ENP29WYUQ&-1X4K92)=(/;F\^IXG?5+B


)P^
MA^8-J).
20-='$C(\(=24_7TB]2)T[HUQB@U%IUQ=WW/PKY09_
)Z4)C' ^7

JY=-
 (IUK_)F.#YS'8?1XG!Z7A4L;SW

VA#@A)6&
6.7T0,'L_V B[6$HIZ#%<4RNG*2]7T</?MB07&Y
M%VMY;Q;.50UC^#1Q4_]9EN49&)-Z$87MN?NT'Y/E!;U@J1IGFLDEKES[BM_


%
MF]Q=L\5R?O6GC_/;Z^G#(F-EG-[

:HM+^:PXX'];77L5D@?O/



6)O8=+A\?WL1^Z_M8):LF&$(VAH)'0-J#0DG+I




X8.8J
KBN%L
M%TQDZ_N8RV5+?LOA!&FB %C

MX@2J .B6/SG!@J=IP*M.[^W?0P$KM-$
A9^@4ENG[K

T*H0$
M:LN




M* 733G3);;6=Z5+9?$;J$FN_U13M MF5*V(F'ND^TGH01'J%C[/-1SU R&#
M^$I3Q1=AK@+LV!R1@2A.ZH^Y&%^/WU8_B+KEZ?_\7EV_PGJ!X$6^2 ^X]JP



G

'XPC4S]^F/HQ
3[

82


MH9.&J
1T4KZ

=G?-O5T@.@Y0. IA)3U?*4]I?--[\]JHKVE
MK^H89NB:!&-ZXZW!E7;JL7#&'50 'Y2*CA ]-*L.^T&M^/)/ )?7@?$X4





I*_HU[%UD.\]9!CMY;&65\1Z
MNPC6_W6OL;!+V7K =)^)N)HHNZBH2\'O'2&N;APQ/X^J;K/1!-6[7W^9W%V)
M?NJ5=4]U%OU-)WT=[!B\.




M


MF5@!_E0_ED1
MNHV/8T+81@],*$/[&6+4=X J];TZ'HAR*411366(*;J;Y(PHQ&W<40QUZP!#
M5&+8<&/P;<9_F5EM7'%4ZBJXGJIJ.KAO-D

*_R:3HK#_)!K9JY46
M1(5L0VJ)[20\X?S7A'G.QGGB27;C77.?;X
=_KE0O,QS5#L/57I6D7B)@+




MH3*
UBVF)!W&/8/#R%.YN 0N3YI
B



M%YA5



MHIBU0&VC9

S@&RIFAY2V5R#\'YM]L\






M95V#F!&EC84SBJE@&T[#85


RT*A\G


M&ML&V-EQV!M)CIK?Z0F3G8[\J(#
?J^1V:_^GI#9F_F0[#_.@-M?SEXNL);1
P'HJ.Y^^RH?B8VW6R#2J6 :M4S)9:O8Z9/771$Y-RB^:Y.<^%
MJJ*8YL.W

M7

9V3A9.^/XS!K^;%H

ZW5/4M

\GS%D)Y7QILMP=@<*[F&]%0U#HI*OB'_=LPYU05N9Y



:8C]

9$8PHH(8W_Y$H&(
M+


RUC
)UZ-R[CR.7<R^Y$39
BI74


M







!\\^;%K6=-(
MAK#S@NZZHQ)2B&0W0?22,*C8+DX=I WDGC%.^IXOH#\R@C4OY86#/()4-%
MCU_U% JEHEXJIUK(\P@K(-:R !E39B


MBXR


MU7PU*_


CY]887L++;0H+S PI?.9Q




M]SWXMCF92)$=H:)7(6L:169 ;!^F;_%#@&[*E)&83VKRHO3)R&_B@UH &I4K
M=E%DRLD&=5K.A#


!^


K3R5



M);N:+Y8+BWGH^2RQ (\Q2!M11MB[Q@ LT\]D^T%(7?53,'O^%P(8XDX  A

5T^A_[=L-O\415[DBCP+O*[
M '#-Q(-SN0OFA\DNEG03VYAO_-T&6!]BIK@AG!R_BZ5K!^=PB0577L*(Q?C
4*33SB!WA@2Z2;Y

X24#_FI&GLB[3.+JZ%)=RC/$VAI95H

MB#YP@-*=-0? SP!VE+-RE$LQ?YBOOJY]=_U5] O7NP8R1OLF$ZJ6NM+42P&
M90F2Q0?$*I+6K1



M
Q[=)CM(E_.F7+Z

M!  3+_YY'6W$4O;.V?#DDKOB/Y.P


& [0






MX%3)1DV8 6!V*]J36T#Z!#\=+2]-E?G5;#&UOA^4/MKEW).D-7 E#R)WOBJP
M!M8$C_D] L)H.\TPH94)404L4




M^(*##M!B'9#N[P

M#RH(?WOQX[O?B7YQ&W/7'V




QDXKKQ3N(/
MRNL)\Q?NU:=JS?



\^ WE'%



+B)JJ HAT2M0



Y[I





:+@V;




M@_K#G^W4NZ!\O&

OPHVBY:
J4E&YHP?/N6EH,LU_YF'/'8



M@XO8HF
/4&Y=V)@A)F%&I]BN8ZCW=-:*'8 [ER+#?LU-+*H=C;[<5RDMU@J9DN



MU0^C28




O].6 EY1*/?X1*Q9
M]!IU3Z-)7)JUP$W0\Z9'W6





][!JO-!%S=ZIAJ6V!QV2#P4


M'[H 1:8O'\U72HGZ;L+X)MF]0+-VA-?^Q

M=H))GU


2R88%*M!.T^?PL%NUDK%A#4TRW2[+&N8#/ 2
MI;(9LK*=ZL-#3=::7P:+; Z4[H'Z
7IQ8N_2X?$1 7M%N-8_BPE:HP:8T%6-
M



MFK1 81[HYK
Z6K'4+*)5[6D13RDL
4&?-IHS+E-
6:N8C&4YE'-L6!H=PXJ]

M81&W^0[.:F$+_)JGCA\T 42U;@+%*]A17TQ'-+O[
ETLY;7NV1W[XWPF_O%%





(Z\ZN?KHN[(Q6QT^9M









M2[

YG6[BV*:GZN2RX?+F



MQ




M(W'MH=
$:PD^E6 V4=R#$7/3J+DH3%65.V()EP()_%*;3WV.7G$.XY2T)C










65
M;)/VC8'B 7X*GQ!Z9L?MX\X38)A07-.^7U9HS(!--:KIL50Z_93)XHD57;
MY 





MI!NS^A)G(7.^=^)Y+
^J/$G



VACG\([$ =# GY!:#6

_
@/%YFG#;;

A9PQ0#N



M6[^MA'.R?QD%V=1:1U3Q58$1(I3B9'U[%EJ91/;AW04#H40)TH^1IHPA-'9P

E^M?)?'?XS6X66P

8-#55@XI 1789LLB#I'
8V+)3R2





AY_ 1F
*^1AD*7^8_/L^4O(PG)!AN+/7R32Y%%
M1QJ3JNF#5C^'+C6JDXR:H


:V M)@.Q@P=
M\!8.*4:\;8@-C'A^)XQTDK4+FX&Q*]_G@3GO$D3@JI%.6/W-=YQLM/1HET
MWN2(2I!SXS=![7

M4K

P8]A76//5=)[C.M_Q
H.WM
MV\&S_';4'+4C4Y0QMFV7SAXYY0#&?

G
M#
6VU0R;7?.5[_ICZ0S-3J@

\







M 
3KL=0;BAP.A;EB+! _7.^JED[H)E%=)I$]J(XPU^$B!_9CH =[D8K(S(D/

MKE1F?M53F&1ND(K)3]EL@?= -DR49TB53:G35O6A4Z#!_&)4FP(%#^%Y@OQ6


1)//+D''2KR##:]E&$
M)7U8BLE9H1!;*XW$]!E48M\)I;YGGK-G@=K<! L!R

MO3P;J/A/SN4S8SDB[$*S[WY7[RQ8D&@

M)PE

0'HPZH

M M$^+!YALX=JF*$QP137G4T9'






M

Y*%_P\U($
0.&#E'62-R.$GX#X@L






M012[+M'(@60&HEE!]EAX93JZZ@3[ML
7'2Y:0:-)Z


M4_SJS]=Z;^Q&K/V= X?W8C?',=ATY-=(\Y.NHVIVZ:J;89-
YDZR
)* O[

)6!+:U;[ HI710)V: 15;=Q99U2],27Z^L B9@L:
$L49*!

MEK:



M%2GUN?QFNR5_#O^=:0.?]!M4;/#3)RFZ6YH@P?W9F$:30[8OLOH9]DQ:A5A
MPU/Q@2GVDKE



MM'@9-8EOK2-J'J\R7H^ST#
DN4#H!UPMDGE*)A763]&&M%EZ(P=? 73VF&E
M14RWT,4F&E+7

YX\



M
^$MO;;$49HMVFJ.
&1Y6NODS5?8KZ;:&FEVAJMDTZ$55J2S'
*Y[7Z\LD
MY+79%!;9P)




YLF&B#*KM5+&Y#$H-W2X

MVT(%)]85$#GPEDFO7#V!O=A6%1@ -TJ';(^=05J4*7#$&XPIEO[A@\ ;$N
M+24M27+T5=&P?+$]T9RDP!\JE/03?@]L* T[A_W+[*_V@= CO1=$++]V/-87
MTS[)-ZR4U^PV/1TVCL//) 44P_M[7+45A-_

MRPAXBA*AU35_YD&D



MQO%C634V7]WXH1

MQ' GUQP/5^V_WH 3



RXT)^W$Y'QX5$W4ZA=5E8EQ+U#Z/YW4P
M:(*[,WJYF/['Y^G=DDV_R(O8MCA)

M6.K6]7'EA] =6Z5





(/TMH3O/^J


$B5\KGR*/_5 Q
M76UEJ;*Z9DV;CBCU;0'UCF6



3/
MG^3:3U.N [[M7W:AQ$:!^F0XL
TA7(]I=SLV0C'G:J\SR6Q
;6KHI9.8F[D'
MR:K.71*DY0#


MWJ

JGMY&254@9W]!38[*K:/F/SQET!;5]*:]9C9=
M

8UZ+V20GFZAU??O2<18^!OL\%<Q')#N#!6;B(81GV811OX+&M
M)EM

M
]2V,/*A6_%DJ<<V!L28L
M%5%SK,2)\7U6;YX3P:8.YQ7+.!P!_#.\#W-!XN@]@2)A+B&(K'1UW0@3MY





:\LPG1 _#






$[#^O4@XQ
ML'5!A.6+FQ?-]YP)YJ&$O-2KB%%3H_Q+TGK%NB%:^^O12+DV#F^;HHJIOAZ
MF&A_1\HKGYS7GQS^2Q@\R57[M^LPF@6OA\LD65?8H?J. #&L?KQBHKK#@5T



M+/ 4#I^&:*SP\=Y#(6]EHOC'7N


M[*A5::
94LF7&%@R-R?IKH

-T51ZCVZ6HIWF?[./__&(U?$
MW-

M+*/

M+



SJ.E;)J'


\=/I6:*S'

M$Q3?U+4:$;R02S!6E$7B&1@C62JK 8;0W2YIIN'OZ;7;3-ST)M5D;
$=
M?C[.+KAE-]D4-0NLQC
+98

M.P\8S\A'9]GPA
7+-*PW5BZ?\C\IWELO*^2-B\T)_^O^B![;*Z+_04AE[



M_EW






Q1KPSG639J*CB(
O:(
=K





8S$NJT4

T.:U/
MTDK9Z(6=19V8;]JKZM@;.UHKXH9;^AA+S0)2DCK6R#9/52W@ZI]%W6)KXP 5
M7SU\7
N'<1JU!TK6
M[Z



=!
MZ/X! =ZKI
6@BLX[N=/S UW/15+96H]_I5C[




M 
01HCF/76Z*10/Q 8EVN5D^^N))S0=5W?XZ#H Z9NS%*^K@L7!:72Y9B8MH

KCB^S 6E9'VT0.H




@%/U/9GKWR*HKW.AHTWOGN



JY836)MMVBA-*]30O[P=SZBN7P
M/FCSSGF%_UVE_ %ZM<CPDI#JDYI6M_!W?^RY AW2PG G<+U/^A7Z9.5(Q

ML=Y$&UD^;496UVORED=D/=&QC+=W;^XLP/@]S)N44.Y0WFHZF%VLNO6O@+57
MW/=Y-(ME
G9+7D[#B@&6
M<\ ,Q?



M ];1R-B%PXAI#^WT+XA@V%UEE6!G8^$8EDG

M/4ZR5#3P0;

)9I4EA7($6+O4$IF [R#EW#T
M2[
=M'2
O-/)

MPI%Z#$*24NO

TTR#3 &
KIJ\PMUK0;PP 7JS 'RNM.O9H ZCS:(Y/8--VDU


S-.:^XLJJSNN7&H 3%52U$NKQ-X/9=N*38H9H+E-YQ0*:.
:<MJ^WVFT+<
TU#7516


M\OIXMCA3'?R


MJB5]

H/*#_1#_SGJ&5

M!\!A3O;A%178/GSY
KO_A2VOV6KQZ79QO;B4$2XST&F+VT_L;GFSN%S
5U.:


D100QEB;

MVJ;@P94R_OD

MSM

  V[=J=5XQ3Y8-#CR0]^D2


:

]V&_I203\Y_

M&O//TKLC[Z/#H\M0QF5P

V&@^EY $C6:*B11LL FQB0GRHD)8CR?:7ZUB#U7^53C%[-OKG+)6_
MG6?:(0-]5-N=CZ\'<A53:^LKA$0M?R@6D@<9T-TTN3QM=BP:1A\2)0\G9$B



GY)4YLZRG5-5F:%A'G


M#$-Y.3)Q?]31E-



0
NB

O@(]\Z_J:N ?9*?K%X\RJ?+*)\0
A8

ZG0

;!D,)7P!5J:*:!U$[PT;:J*T@C)P!
P







M#*Q/_DX^)U^_8)Z0?Y1V(G_40(ZM.1#_C@^G$60G!]V5T[LES6F)
DD7A


]?2X^H\


M';H.*;8^4O(.&)WF.GW-)=?WNK140(+^H8#.8\.#_S%)R8MPX/OZT*%MI?
M0L4-UCRA0HBO^K18D]%KHR($\_[A+U2A!*E
K5$%6K;1%Q=K_936F6Z&B.IY


MF]^NYJLRO@U[H_F@ND@UE@I:E^_NJIB0KU)HL6IWB?:(


MR(6441-
9?L[N/)!2XY0M82E.7U]/[M=S2[7B^7MI)!]K%51+L_K\G5&!6T
M^W6^V
M&CE W;3711#YR!



M;E)D9TI%EK5317%J;YY






M


;$H^@#








M*]PZ





M/_QY0IYLI=B!]I;*:+5GE*Z&;Q]S]_X.*K%G@4?J'X5VK@,@0GWMHHH-2





L8**Z+X_PHJTLH5KA+M@1




M\X 2\DSKI:6B*E;.+B9*D7*Y-Q@:7_EC+!)^Q9^Y'^X+;10J
)





*ZK 4 ;?0(X!%;8(6$Z''0A-Q#C[:^BD 7&_SWE.(*Z[B$.&I[F[

M^QQ^ %SW'?3@_:?ZO709Z23)ZYT/L4/@ 7J=.DJLL4BRX;&62RTGQL*+#$!F

T
;NG5NQ?PQB*5,,,2Y#+=3R'K/Q: Q]'A1^/@XX4F-C*B
M8FH(6:[]\5FL+G^]XI:;)37/Z*QMA!
FC  D#))PJQMQ0ZIE4G!IN=Q*4 +



M2!7445OEFS



S!Z@WY\V$^%JK\CA1Z

7L?A*HJWE*


Q1]9U]W7[% 4




X&&SCF+^@G5<RD8F*GJR


4I!C$.!LR?#ZJ

L$K[R-C'!UYS#3]H'Y



R9[#*532S#7.&6O(<AGA(PT6= G@
ML_<4@%,NQ&5[SH9$43,7/IK6=)6UW!K\CQ7CW_.\P5JL [FWV5J<Z6D(B91


E4-W/-

'/K=.X.0;@U
ML 7^0A4SMTO-(;Z#WA

R6',ZSK--F &/\X3O%1X*)Y' J
R^B;#+O?A^[<GG[T@Y6_ *\6Z9:?^%#K6T;2W
MCYL^H64



MF)/ '4Z:;**8^



CAM&;^?

 U
MA=



;G3EG])Q74LH$91^;X]
M@3_13?708!


M@:%AW\[:Q]
J;/;%X

M] RQ


M*?SW % :0[_\CH?[$(LWXG0UWW$T8H-SM!**4Q
;?5OEJ 6KK%-%%9$)3U3M


^(7E




)1YZ(K+7C:K$IPX?'[HP5)\[-IZD)KS0646O6QN
MQ2AQJ/W8*K7:_)]B8L@8@NS/$D)YE%K))5.-!B[UZJ@.AGT+EG4J^RP&.P_Z
M
D4P/?X( ?!;D


MZ+JNN)

M


#)]:P<=4:E\;=2)]L^5A77!$F\4_9ISCU7KTFAD(M.WL]4<[/)S

Q



MM?01)AMBKW76

'T*\J2
RJLHOX'+HJXN




M(PWX8[U74+

6ZFHY_



B?Z.S%I(TEX6[\SX?Q

YAHV-.QFVYSP; FTS.\[^'L*?9B\XD_&IXCZ'N&=;LP+




W

M\BZUS)OL)E

MHS.?.Q



M5UBE2P\T+O+





MK)*SPPB=(@6C;PE


N6*8Q3. ?P)_&
M+HB?

MW47A^@YO

]906A\@09*X
M5N(T




4[\M5;;H?
M!FZFJ5/ 5P^)


%FQ6D
KGC-8T9?JI+X$P$= YS75N=#Z'U7T:
MH;
 [4^04!.KBJ3]/H3\U;M%.3!]Z%FT'LAJ=+U1X3VDIJBI[T\4F^G'*W
!






=A835ZV*V
M#T\JO0[@E^UZ.S3



]7X(<PSH+G_D%ODO.K0W08,*R/UYD-7@2AYT$J29MQAQX-_[G



M+73Z#0X6.1&F;^@6+\5Z-4MC+ H6)$U_M$:'S*)N^:1SRQYW

YL


?Q='@YE9V]
M
Z=*!;9=\1O$/6U\4W
M.U .(&M

MR8QYD]*C$8/Q

MIH)/O7H3UC%8'R0.;_H
=8MT^Q2 %_R!P

+*3M
*%6SCA\U

M!SFD9


UX::XQ=CUOF?YQPX

MOC=\UY3G

MYJ\[:W34VDUG#9ET7G*J=RN_WVS0EJ[GY[1CYB.!P^\ZG\G-L3X\)-\KVM\[

(1&7N-HPN&.7NP#:. #P
M;RN[9FR.U2H;U-@+8;7

MF


A=2TJW
N*G$).%I9IN$U

!Q9O*IF+T4:K5URR_ 94/*-U=O)-T\N27C16V9





M^.)




FPC_


M]D!


M'M2S&(9+N/

)20^.


.6M;QI 2%Z5T\'2P(P75(=KBD
MY^D+\8:^!?'UJ_ QI6I-ZWA1AJ2E%]-D+2:JY)ID(P//8P* @*;0ZWJUK%4

SBUM$A5IZ?XTG;*S/2$=GZHV*/J7(:4JMG'1F*< B2-^F-)$ES
MP.Z2Z:JT@QR')'@;/JCQIX:DGG6T*

MBAO/SS0'6P^&F&'R11H7TH]#? S&DKOPZ^CWU ONHS#9!*_C$.%C5

@X_Q1%Y\42#T(I.GZ)JUO&D!H8@FY-6

MQO-$T6BP^?+@D?4!:TV=[IA35%3:.K:$JDM2/FDYRA8T%V%('CWX#)P@*#:F
M6)#I





UL


.0]C&

MIDUXD2VP!*C5LX(Q10A:2WE$_3L.]];4YP:1N'[;;12Z2;047)HHU;:E5IP
MF-X4BGK_[ 5$0F;.0Y5J5KA!H!I[]=L
.11U5$IK/KI\!#ZPC9KQPJB&D+4
M@F]L
5Q44@H(BUO!@UCA%G+T%+W/0$P)%RQ3HM*V@7VJKFFGU

D


^[Q6E?/-Q!]GL-M!ZW=Y&D5B S[O1:]@HACC\;&/N9
MIQ\Q$Y$UY=8C/[@&(SN^)C;C ;-6$%@
X DCK%F[C*&


6I%[]^

M $U?L.REHAN)8W6E'@8U*E\6A0I@F;Z/R7H]?[UMULY%T-D00M.W.16Q&BVS
M]=NX1$:;+[#Z+H4RD9JLKJHU+XBYQNNJV=B'Q9$[.YR'?E6WXY-ATS-2S5[



EG




M*.*Y(ZYJ!3GJ0+3UVH?STIKD'@+Q
<]1P/KZNJJ\.$9;!8C;Z)77C
MF:Y66-:8Y/&]#M*-*,= [9:LX*XQ3,8?\QR/*J8\TCG&KF4%,4KJ&P]9?RR%
M<)IPBUH(M\) UWG36V,*/L(@@-[V+MU%YRY5Y::LX*@Y4,8CR1\/'S%)_+)6
ML!0U7AH=

E'U$
)'I[<'#NH0D4KN%$%01(L7?MBI4R&6CTK
MN%$@'/+J




M



M*ESF8$1L$YG]EHS3+$1?\CKT7D=DQ47XYP(_: UM6T6Y#BS;3DVA)JH+OQY+

 F=NVYAMF=^V

6-S!G:?QI




ZB7_$MFN-__&UO2;]_^S; 9 _&-
YY_

 BVS\\:#
270R;UZMY FLQ)8
MD:55]*P;HZ\[L$R /X3/Q.F8&:+KM$QW\U$5R6).

MH[!]8+
T-FV:9/4M'=F




5




OQ%M:VG0LQ
M-.;/


ID^V4D&X5C_5FI?!A]@0J.\@RA D^XZJ
M
97M17S0E731U-&UY4=Y1QL/3P'PW41U;U@CNX OG5AQH;-=NTE;6ZT)D^
MT


;?*A@BN*1WQFK
5.K8RD55=;$O

M_');I9:1.99-[:NK'Z\^_$A[9=UGR^MT-\=JX

M/19Y$[S.P3
(F9MN5BD;\69JVU+4&MIWWBER8KS='WU= B2(DLRM82/T4A1
M&YMG6 F(4!2_3J($9*\/KU\/KP@9/$BKV$B$' ?3AN&*!+FCMQS_HN %H+[7
MN:6@+N-P#I8 [I+I*LNVP5]U3HO:B#=?;]

M-&W6O0





E7I:_N^&^+&<4Z+.3
M+5[RWLB.\!\1_O)^QAJG,=@[JER_WF!EJ?F.W C1HT;^_(AU,CNK/1O9/A-!
M#L,:'2(;R'?GH:3DSDFLA/@ 28\2_+L,0QU]*V-!7/.8-%G/VLB.(SQ-VV7

UH




?W&J;H/.EJ%WW]0V!Y6

\0']G??V0YNTEJ6(.]5'733YF8 LQ!
M #P$U*$_5+ ;^9+BIM\U#8GSRA)FZ- G*'$_Z#_?,^Z;!*7MP9VB=JFWS:-
MMSL/QB7#(!-K5BEK$&:J:/IETT,8 R^ ?P??$$ FH;C\!F@A/


M:A%KR#A5KI

MCJ+?LK[(\GF#1V5^#
$[


MXO(6



[&5B/

VQZ+BMB$N


=4ZB

9.1S*
DO=Y!4022H5ANF5=P*O5LXTJ130$
M80([OY8_1(=:+N,4^(4ZTQ?@\Y=33GG;^)-H;SQV()W1
A?2<$D
M8_CY [DB==(B^B5]BB+\VWW07WFNN9HM]6-Z\M@X23Y7%R?S:<B5!9.<VU5;
MN#C1*=T?=;+\M'2Q7LJN()++TQ*:5C8^5?R3X O=E70V;H=!&O%T[1K3Y$1

MXLC/L]Z@':O(JHM12_EOJ1_3
_!)Q-



MF+RN';S4P






#$V
3(S


#$V
3(S
5]C

38Q
C
Q7VQA
M8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     ! ?Y%*-L.-84U   !_SP
 %0

