

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-002642
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160414
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				262727362
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53661
		FILM NUMBER:		161571943
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7740 EAST EVANS RD.
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(480) 385-3893
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7740 EAST EVANS RD.
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Northsight Capital
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080708


















Washington
 D.C. 20549






 2015








NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.

















Scottsdale
 AZ 85260








(Registrant&#146;s Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)




 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 






 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 


 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. &nbsp;See definition of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

















954
266 based on the closing price as quoted on Yahoo! Finance as of April 13
 2016.







 as of the latest practicable date:


 as of the latest practicable date:



Outstanding as of April 14
 2015

Common Capital Voting Stock
 $0.001 par value per share
112
761
581 shares









Northsight Capital
 Inc.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2015













































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance











Certain Relationships
 Related Transactions and Director Independence















Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
















This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements and for this purpose any statements contained in this Annual Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Without limiting the foregoing
 words such as &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;estimate&#148; or &#147;continue&#148; or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties
 and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors
 many of which are not within our control.&nbsp;&nbsp;These factors include but are not limited to economic conditions generally and in the endeavors in which we may participate
 competition within our chosen industry
 technological advances and failure by us to successfully develop business relationships
 among others.








 2008. We were originally formed to engage in the business of marketing
 developing
 and producing unique
 proprietary water products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our original intended line of enhanced bottled waters was based upon the experience and expertise of our founder
 designed to make everyday hydration and nutrition a more enjoyable experience.&nbsp;&nbsp;In May of 2008
 we commenced our initial operations
 and had no significant assets. In May 2010
 we abandoned our pursuit of the proprietary bottled water business. &nbsp;Since then and until June 23
 2014
 we were a &#147;shell company&#148; within the meaning of applicable securities laws as we had no operations and our business was comprised of seeking acquisition candidates. &nbsp;We commenced limited operations during the quarterly period ended March 31
 2014.


 2011
 Kuboo
 Inc. (f/k/a Safe Communications
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 23
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Yong Park
 an individual who became our majority shareholder as a result of the acquisition. Currently
 we own approximately 2
700 cannabis related internet domain names. Based upon our limited capital resources
 we determined to allow certain domain names to expire that we concluded were of little utility to us given our business strategy. In consideration of the acquisition of the 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Park
 the Company:






000. The note was amended and restated to provide that the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note would be made July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Kae Yong Park has waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014. Such $100
000 has since been paid to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue;



000. The royalty payment shall be payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000.


 Ms. Park was required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve-month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company was required to pay Ms. Park $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
 on the first of each month thereafter. Ms. Park is also entitled to &#147;piggyback&#148; registration rights on the Securities Act registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
 with respect to eight million shares of common stock issued to the seller. The Company is obligated to bear all registration expenses of such piggyback registration
 other than underwriting discounts and commissions and any legal fees incurred by the seller.


 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. &nbsp;John Venners
 the President
 CEO and a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 serves as the Company&#146;s Executive Vice President of Operations and sits on our board of directors. &nbsp;See Note 15 - Related Party Transactions.







 hired employees
 leased space
 acquired domain names
 including prior to the acquisition described herein
 engaged consultants and advisors
 completed the construction and launch of several web portals
 including &#147;WeedDepot.com&#148; and &#147;TheMarijuanaCompanies.com&#148;
 conducted sales and marketing related activities
 and negotiated vendor relationships.


 as described below. &nbsp;As noted below
 subject to the receipt of additional funding
 we intend to complete and launch an additional three cannabis related websites. &nbsp;






 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#146;s exclusive use.


 (ii) advertise in the Company&#146;s online directories or (iii) lease one or more internet domain names from the Company. &nbsp;With this platform
 the Company will establish an advertising channel for all consumer companies interested in advertising or accessing the large consumer market interested in legal cannabis.


500 internet domain names we acquired from Kae Yong Park (who became our majority shareholder in connection with the acquisition) is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission June 25
 2014. We currently own approximately 2
700 cannabis related internet domain names. Based upon our limited capital resources
 we determined to allow certain domain names to expire that we concluded were of little utility to us given our business strategy.

























 doctors and clinics
 head shops
 tattoo parlors
 and vape lounges. For mobile use
 www.WeedDepot.com can be downloaded at Apple Apps and Google Play.






 etc.


 meals and deserts using infused cannabis.









 user-driven Wiki focused on both&nbsp;recreational&nbsp;and&nbsp;medical marijuana&nbsp;topics and information that allows collaborative editing of its content and structure by its users.






 subject to the receipt of sufficient funding
 which we currently do not have
 our plan is to expand our sales and marketing activities with respect to these websites with a view to driving significant traffic to these websites
 which in turn should make our directories more attractive to cannabis related enterprises that are trying to promote and advertise their business. &nbsp;We anticipate that it will cost approximately $35
000 per month ($400
000 per year) to effectively implement our sales and marketing plan. Currently
 we do not have the requisite funds to implement our marketing plan.


 which we currently do not have
 we intend to construct the following websites:







 we anticipate that it will take about six months and cost approximately $150
000 to construct and launch the foregoing websites. &nbsp;Currently
 we do not have the requisite funds to build these websites. When and if these websites are constructed
 we will also focus on the marketing these sites as well. &nbsp;We believe that the incremental marketing costs associated with the promotion of these to be built websites will not be material in relation to our total marketing budget.


 2016
 we entered into a joint venture agreement to develop a website around the URL www.jointlovers.com. The joint venture arrangement was disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2
 2016
 which is incorporated herein by this reference.




 which we currently do not have
 we intend to expand the marketing and distribution of our services primarily through the following methods:















 our sales and marketing related activities have included search engine optimization
 direct selling efforts
 direct mail
 electronic mail
 social media
 and online advertising. We have engaged companies to assist us in our sales and marketing related activities including New Times (print advertising) and a nationally recognized men&#146; magazine (print advertising). 




 offline local business guides and directories and with other online providers of local and web search on the basis of a number of factors
 including the reliability of our content
 and the breadth
 depth and timeliness of information. We also expect to compete for a share of local businesses&#146; overall advertising budgets with traditional
 offline media companies and other Internet marketing providers on the basis of a number of factors
 including the comprehensive nature of our online directories
 effectiveness of our advertising solutions and our pricing structure. Our competitors are expected to include the following types of businesses:


. We expect to compete with offline media companies and service providers who may have existing advertising relationships with local businesses. Services provided by competitors are expected to range from yellow pages listings to direct mail campaigns to advertising and listings services on local newspapers
 magazines
 television and radio.







 We expect to compete with Internet search engines
 such as
 Google
 Yahoo! and Bing. We also expect to compete with various other online service providers and review and social media websites.


 the Company&#146;s primary online competitors are Weedmaps and Leafly
 each an online directory of medical marijuana dispensaries and doctors. Neither Weedmaps nor Leafly currently serve the legal recreational market. Accordingly
 we consider these companies a competitor only with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 and not otherwise. Currently
 Weedmaps and Leafly are much larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. We believe that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 as we expect our pricing to be much lower than that offered by either of them. The Company is not currently aware of any other online directory of cannabis related products and services.




 we have not yet realized significant revenues from our operations. We expect our customers to consist of the various businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products
 including retail shops
 medical dispensaries
 head shops
 growers
 distributors
 suppliers
 vendors
 and the like. Our customers may also include legal
 marketing
 and event production companies seeking to serve the cannabis industry.


 we intend to diversify our customer base
 so that we are not dependent on any particular customer.




 2016
 we employed 13 full time people.




 we expect to incur aggregate website development costs and expenses of approximately $175
000 related to the development of our websites and related technology and services. Our ability to engage in planned website and related technology development is subject to the availability of sufficient funds
 which we currently do not have. If we are unable to fund necessary research and development
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage and our business will be materially and adversely affected.




 we rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets
 copyright and trademark laws
 and confidentiality procedures to protect our technology. Due to the technological change that characterizes our business
 we believe that the improvement of existing services
 reliance upon trade secrets and proprietary know-how and the development of new services are generally as important as patent protection in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage.


 effective intellectual property protection may not be available in the United States or other countries in which we operate. Also
 the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also
 protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.


 media and other industries may own large numbers of patents
 copyrights and trademarks and may frequently request license agreements
 threaten litigation or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We may in the future face allegations that we have infringed the trademarks
 copyrights
 patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties
 including our competitors and non-practicing entities. As we face increasing competition and as our business grows
 we will likely face claims of infringement.




 as a company conducting business on the Internet
 we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations relating to consumer protection
 information security
 data protection and privacy
 among other things. In the area of information security and data protection
 for example
 the laws in several states require companies to implement specific information security controls to protect certain types of information. Likewise
 all but a few states have laws in place requiring companies to notify users if there is a security breach that compromises certain categories of their information. Foreign data protection
 privacy
 and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities.







 rules and regulations governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis are constantly changing and evolving.&nbsp; The medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized in 23 states and Washington D.C. (with legislation to legalize medicinal use pending in 9 states) and 4 states have legalized the use of cannabis for recreational purposes; but
 pursuant to the federal Controlled Substances Act (&#147;CSA&#148;)
 the possession
 use
. &nbsp;However
 the state laws which authorize and regulate (or prohibit) the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis
 as well as the federal laws prohibiting the same do not apply to our business as we will not at any time engage or participate in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis. 


 as the cannabis industry continues to evolve
 increased regulation and oversight by local
 state and federal agencies is likely.&nbsp; For example
 more stringent local or state regulation of the cannabis industry could adversely affect the industry which would in turn adversely affect our business. &nbsp;In addition
 because the industry is in its infancy
 the enforcement of the CSA as it relates to those using and engaging in the cannabis industry
 by the Department of Justice
 also remains an area of uncertainty.&nbsp; For example
 although we believe it unlikely
 if the US Federal Government were to enforce the CSA on a nationwide basis
 the cannabis industry would in effect be abolished
 which would have a material and adverse effect on our business
 making it unlikely that we would be able to continue.&nbsp; 


 particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate
 and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. There are also a number of legislative proposals pending before the U.S. Congress
 various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us. For example
 the European Commission is currently considering a data protection regulation imposing operational requirements on companies that receive personal data. The proposed requirements are different from those currently in place in the European Union
 and the regulation may also include significant penalties for non-compliance.




 we have not yet realized significant revenues from our business operations. Accordingly
 we do not yet have a historical basis to determine whether our revenue will be subject to seasonal fluctuation.




 www.themarijuanacompanies.com. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;)
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to the foregoing
 at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F St.
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10 AM to 3 PM. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to the foregoing
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding the Company and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC.






 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 and we are subject to the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K of the SEC
 as a &#147;smaller reporting company.&#148;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That designation relieves us of some of the informational requirements of Regulation S-K.









 and to expose to public view
 possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee members&#146; appointment
 compensation and oversight of the work of public companies&#146; auditors; management assessment of our internal controls; auditor attestation of our internal controls; prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; requires companies and auditors to evaluate internal controls and procedures; and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud
 among other provisions. Compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes/Oxley Act will likely substantially increase our legal and accounting costs if we complete an acquisition
 reorganization or merger.




 as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our shareholders at a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our shareholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to our shareholders.


 and are required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g.
 changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K.






 WE HAVE AN IMMEDIATE AND URGENT NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL FUNDS
 WHICH FUNDS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS OR AT ALL.


 Liquidity and Capital Resources. Further
 we expect that our operating expenses will continue increase over at least the next 12 months. We currently do not have sufficient capital to fund our planned operations. In addition
 we may experience a further material decrease in liquidity due to unforeseen capital requirements or other events and uncertainties. As a result
 we need to raise additional funds immediately
 and such funds may not be available on favorable terms
 if at all.


 2015
 most of our funding has been provided by Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 neither of whom is under any obligation to fund the Company.


 we will not be able to complete the construction of our planned websites/portals
 effectively market our services
 execute our business plan
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. We may be unable to secure sufficient funding to continue operations and effect planned transactions
 in which case our stockholders would suffer a total loss of their investment. If we are unable to obtain necessary funding
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which states that the financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations and inability to generate sufficient operating cash flow raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of April 14
 2016
 we had only a minimal amount of cash on hand.







718
329 and have had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. 


 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company raised approximately $465
000 in capital through the sale of its common stock and approximately $1
189
000 in proceeds from debt agreements. &nbsp;Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.


 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.


 WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR CURRENT BUSINESS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS.


 the revenue and income potential of our business and our market are unproven. In addition
 we have little historical data with respect to directory listing rates (including renewals) for our services because we have not yet established a significant history of subscriptions. Further
 because of our limited operating history and because the market for web-based cannabis related directories is relatively new and rapidly evolving
 we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. We may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends
 which could harm our business.


 you should consider an investment in our stock in light of the risks
 uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as ours. We may not be able to successfully address any or all of these risks. Failure to adequately do so could cause our business
 results of operations and financial condition to suffer.


 WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE PROSPECTS AND MAY INCREASE THE RISK THAT WE WILL NOT BE SUCCESSFUL.


 if at all. This short operating history makes it difficult to assess our future prospects. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter in this rapidly evolving industry. These risks and difficulties include our ability to
 among other things:



 the number of paid subscribers and other content on our platform and our revenue;


 measure and demonstrate the effectiveness of our advertising solutions and attract and retain new advertising clients
 many of which may only have limited or no online advertising experience;




 or may in the future enter
 the business of providing information regarding cannabis related businesses;


 both domestic and international;






 high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage
 as well as the deployment of new features and products;


 integrate and retain talented sales and other personnel;


 personnel and operations; and




 or if we fail to address the needs of this demand
 our business will be harmed. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties or others
 including those described elsewhere in these risk factors. Failure to adequately address these risks and difficulties could harm our business and cause our operating results to suffer.







 WE MAY NEVER BECOME PROFITABLE.


 we have experienced net losses and negative operating cash flows. We commenced business operations late in the first quarter of 2014. As of December 31
 2015
 we had an accumulated deficit of $18
718
329 and incurred net losses of $7
977
842 during the year ended December 31
 2015. We expect our near term quarterly losses to increase
 if we are able to secure funding needed to ramp our operations. We will likely incur significant net losses into the first quarter of 2017 and possibly longer. While we are unable to predict accurately our future operating expenses
 we currently expect these expenses to increase substantially
 as we
 among other things:









 procedures and controls;


 including additional executive
 administrative and technical staff; and




 we will continue to experience losses indefinitely. We may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. We also may fail to accurately estimate and assess our increased operating expenses as we expand our operations. If our operating expenses exceed our expectations
 our financial performance will be adversely affected
 which will likely cause the price of our common stock to decline.




 if available
 may involve restrictive covenants
 which may limit our operating flexibility. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities
 the percentage ownership of our then existing stockholders will be reduced. These stockholders may experience additional dilution in net book value per share and any additional equity securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock.


 YAHOO! AND BING. IF OUR WEBSITE FAILS TO RANK PROMINENTLY IN UNPAID SEARCH RESULTS
 TRAFFIC TO OUR WEBSITE COULD DECLINE AND OUR BUSINESS WOULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.


 Yahoo! and Bing. The number of users we attract to our website from search engines is due in large part to how and where our website ranks in unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors
 many of which are not in our direct control
 and they may change frequently. For example
 a search engine may change its ranking algorithms
 methodologies or design layouts. As a result
 links to our website may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our website
 and we may not be in a position to influence the results. In some instances
 search engine companies may change these rankings in order to promote their own competing products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. We believe that other websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past
 and we anticipate fluctuations in the future. Any reduction in the number of users directed to our website could adversely impact our business and results of operations.


 and may promote its own competing services
 including Google&#146;s local services
 in its search results. Given the large volume of traffic to our website we are expecting from Google and the importance of the placement and display of results of a user&#146;s search
 if Google were to take any of these actions in the future
 there could be a substantial negative effect on our business and results of operations.







 THEY MAY STOP OR REDUCE THE USE OF OUR SERVICES
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT THE GROWTH OF OUR BUSINESS.


 including whether they are helpful
 up-to-date
 unbiased
 relevant
 and reliable. If users do not value the content on our platform
 they may stop or reduce the use of our services
 and traffic to our websites will decline. If our user traffic declines
 our advertisers may stop or reduce the amount of advertising on our platform. As a result
 our business could be negatively affected if we fail to obtain high quality content
 or if the content we display is perceived to be unhelpful
 out-of-date
 biased
 irrelevant
 or unreliable. We must therefore ensure that our services and features are attractive to users
 and encourage them to contribute. In addition
 users who contribute content to our platform may provide content to our competitors or subsequently remove their content from our platform. If they do so
 the value of our content may decline relative to other available services
 and our business may be harmed.


 biased
 unreliable or otherwise unhelpful
 we cannot guarantee the effectiveness or adequacy of these efforts. If we fail to filter or remove a significant amount of content that is biased
 unreliable
 or otherwise unhelpful
 or if we mistakenly filter or remove a significant amount of valuable content
 our reputation and brand may be harmed
 users may stop using our services and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.


 DELAY
 OR PREVENT A CHANGE IN OUR CORPORATE CONTROL OR OTHER ACTIONS REQUIRING STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL
 EVEN IF FAVORED BY OUR OTHER STOCKHOLDERS.


 our principal stockholder
 Kae Yong Park
 beneficially owned approximately 32% of our outstanding common stock. This stockholder is able to influence all matters requiring approval by our stockholders
 including the election of all directors and approval of significant corporate transactions.


 AND ITS PRICE HAS BEEN AND IS EXPECTED TO BE HIGHLY VOLATILE.


 and we cannot assure you that an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained in the future. Our common stock is quoted in the over the counter market
 the market for which is highly illiquid and the quoted price of our common stock is likely not indicative of the underlying value of our common stock.


 some of which are beyond our control
 including:



















 the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market price of the stock of many Internet-related companies
 and that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Market fluctuations such as these may seriously harm the market price of our common stock. In the past
 securities class action suits have been filed following periods of market volatility in the price of a company's securities. If such an action were instituted
 we would incur substantial costs and a diversion of management attention and resources
 which would seriously harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.









 or the belief that these sales could occur
 could cause a significant drop in the market price of our common stock. Of the 112
761
581 shares we had outstanding as of April 14
 2016
 approximately 23
064
800 shares would become freely tradable upon the effectiveness under the Securities Act of our previously pending Registration Statement. Consequently
 the price of our common stock could drop substantially following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Even if we do not pursue the Registration Statement
 a substantial number of our outstanding shares are eligible for sale subject to compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.




 therefore
 do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. See &quot;Dividend Policy&quot; for additional information regarding our dividend policy.


 ANY FAILURE OF THESE SERVICES TO SATISFY CUSTOMER DEMANDS OR TO ACHIEVE WIDESPREAD MARKET ACCEPTANCE WILL SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS.


 as well as from advertising fees from such directories. As we have only recently launched certain of our planned Website/Portals and several are still under construction
 we currently have no subscribers or advertising revenue. Our ability to generate revenues depends on our ability to secure paid directory listings and establish our advertiser base. To do so
 we must convince prospective advertisers of the benefits of our services. We must also convince prospective advertisers that our advertising services work to their benefit. Many of these businesses are more accustomed to using more traditional methods of advertising
 such as newspapers or print yellow pages directories. Failure to establish our subscriber/advertiser base will harm our business.


 we expect to rely heavily on advertising spending by small and medium-sized local businesses
 which have historically experienced high failure rates and often have limited advertising budgets. As a result
 we may experience attrition in our advertisers in the ordinary course of business resulting from several factors
 including losses to competitors
 lower priced competitors
 perceptions that our advertising solutions are unnecessary or ineffective
 declining advertising budgets
 closures and bankruptcies. We must continually add new subscribers/advertisers both to replace advertisers who choose not to renew their advertising or who go out of business
 or otherwise fail to fulfill their advertising contracts with us
 and to grow our business. Our advertisers&#146; decisions to renew depend on a number of factors
 including the degree of satisfaction with our services and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. The ratings and reviews that businesses receive from our users may also affect advertising decisions by current and prospective advertisers. For instance
 favorable ratings and reviews
 on the one hand
 could be perceived as obviating the need to advertise
 and unfavorable ratings and reviews
 on the other
 could discourage businesses from advertising to an audience they perceive as hostile or cause them to form a negative opinion of our services and user base which could discourage them from doing business with us.


 or if we are unable to attract new advertisers in numbers greater than the number of advertisers that we lose
 our client base will decrease and our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.


 we will not realize the revenues we are expecting and there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. As a result
 if for any reason revenues from our cannabis directory related services or advertising do not materialize as rapidly as we anticipate
 our operating results and our business will be significantly impaired. If our cannabis related directories or advertising services fail to meet the needs of our target customers
 or if it does not compare favorably in price and performance to competing services
 our growth will be limited.


 in part
 on our ability to diversify our offerings by successfully developing
 introducing and gaining customer acceptance of new services. We cannot assure you
 however
 that we will be successful in achieving market acceptance of any new services that we bring to market or that we will be able to secure contracts for paid directory listings/advertising on our Websites/Portals. Furthermore
 there is a possibility that diversifying our existing offerings could harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.







 AND IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN PROMOTING AWARENESS OF OUR SERVICES
 OUR BUSINESS WILL NOT SUCCEED.


 there has been a great deal of public focus on legalization for both recreational and medicinal purposes. Although we believe that cannabis related businesses are acutely aware of the need to market their products and services
 in order for us to attract subscribers to our directories and paid advertising customers
 we need to actively promote these services
 so as to increase awareness and acceptance of these services. In addition
 there may be a time-limited opportunity to achieve and maintain a significant share of the market for these services due in part to the emerging nature of these markets and the substantial resources available to our existing and potential competitors.


 we do not have the capital necessary to actively promote and market our services
 so we cannot assure you that we will be successful in this effort. If we are not successful in promoting market awareness and acceptance of our cannabis related directory and advertising services
 it is unlikely that we will succeed in implementing our business plan. If cannabis related businesses do not recognize the need to market their products
 then the market for our cannabis related directory and advertising services may develop more slowly than we expect
 which could adversely affect our operating results. Developing and maintaining awareness of our cannabis related directory and advertising services is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our services. Furthermore
 we believe that the importance of product awareness will increase as competition in our market develops. Successful promotion of our services will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to develop reliable and useful services
 at competitive prices.


 due to a lack of capital or otherwise
 or if our expenses to promote and maintain such services are greater than anticipated
 our results of operations and financial condition will suffer.


 WHICH COULD PREVENT US FROM GENERATING REVENUE OR ACHIEVING PROFITABILITY.


 reduced sales
 reduced margins or the failure of our services to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance
 any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Our current principal online competitors are Weedmaps and Leafly
 each an online directory of medical marijuana dispensaries and doctors. Neither Weedmaps nor Leafly currently serve the legal recreational market. Accordingly
 we consider these companies as competitors only with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 and not otherwise. Currently
 Weedmaps and Leafly are much larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. We believe that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 as we expect our pricing to be much lower than that offered by either of them. We are not currently aware of any other online directory of cannabis related products and services.


 such as:







 technical and other resources.


 these competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities
 technologies
 standards or customer requirements. For all of the foregoing reasons
 we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors.


 IN WHICH CASE OUR REVENUES AND OPERATING RESULTS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.


 we will need to build a sizable base of customers that renew their listings at the end of each cycle. If we are unable to sell significant renewals
 there will be a material adverse effect on our long term revenue potential and our operating results.









 features and reliability of our technology. Any failure of our technology to keep pace with the rapid growth and technological change of the Internet/search technologies will impair the market acceptance of our directory and advertising services
 which in turn will harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND IF WE ARE UNABLE TO IMPLEMENT APPROPRIATE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES TO MANAGE THESE ACTIVITIES
 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS PLAN.


 due to lack of capital
 to downsize the number of our personnel
 which has placed
 and will continue to place
 a strain on our management
 administrative
 operational and financial infrastructure. Our future success will depend in part upon the ability of our management to manage reduced manpower and/or increased operational activity effectively. This will require us to hire and train additional personnel to manage our operations
 for which we do not currently have the necessary capital. In addition
 we will be required to continue to improve our operational
 financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. If we fail to successfully manage our operational growth
 implementation of our business plan will be materially and adversely affected.




 including our interim CEO
 John Hollister. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees
 such as our CEO
 or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.


 THEY COULD PROVE DIFFICULT TO INTEGRATE
 DISRUPT OUR BUSINESS
 DILUTE STOCKHOLDER VALUE AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.


 services and technologies in the future. We have not made any acquisitions or investments to date
 and therefore our ability as an organization to make acquisitions or investments is unproven. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks
 including:



 technologies
 services and personnel;










 if we finance acquisitions by issuing convertible debt or equity securities
 our existing stockholders may be diluted which could affect the market price of our stock. As a result
 if we fail to properly evaluate and execute acquisitions or investments
 our business and prospects may be seriously harmed.


 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN THE HIGHLY SKILLED EMPLOYEES WE NEED TO SUPPORT OUR PLANNED GROWTH.


 we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We need to hire additional personnel in virtually all operational areas
 including sales and marketing
 operations and technical support
 customer service and administration. Competition for these personnel is intense
 especially for persons with high levels of experience in designing and developing Internet-related services. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we fail to attract new personnel or retain and motivate our current personnel
 our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed.







 AND THESE FLUCTUATIONS MAY CAUSE OUR STOCK PRICE TO FALL.


 increase our website development efforts and hire additional personnel. In addition
 our operating expenses may fluctuate in the future
 as a result of the following factors
 among others:





 such as recruiting expenses and professional services fees; and




 it is possible that in some future periods
 our results of operations may be below the expectations of current or potential investors. If this occurs
 the price of our common stock will likely decline.


 DOWNTURNS IN SALES MAY NOT BE IMMEDIATELY REFLECTED IN OUR REPORTED REVENUES.


 we will bill customers for the entire listing period and would then recognize revenue from those annual listings over the terms of the listing period. As a result
 we anticipate that a significant portion of any revenues we report in future quarters will be deferred revenue from listing agreements entered into and paid for during previous quarters. Because of this deferred revenue
 the revenues we report in any quarter or series of quarters may mask significant downturns in sales and the market acceptance of our cannabis related directories.




 trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As the number of entrants into our market increases
 the possibility of an intellectual property claim against us grows. Our technologies and services may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. Any intellectual property claims
 with or without merit
 could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle
 and could divert management attention from executing our business plan and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 browser and search engine technologies. We may not be successful in either developing such services or timely introducing them to the market. In addition
 uncertainties about the timing and nature of new technologies
 or modifications to existing technologies
 could increase our research and development expenses. The failure of our services to operate effectively with existing and future technologies will limit or reduce the market for our services
 result in customer dissatisfaction and seriously harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND THEREBY REDUCE DEMAND FOR OUR SERVICES.


 search engine providers may enhance or develop services that include functions that are currently provided by our services. If users of our directories are able to effectively locate cannabis related products and services through advanced search engine applications
 the demand for our and services could decrease. Furthermore
 even if our technology provides greater functionality and is more effective than services offered by search engine companies
 potential customers might accept this limited functionality in lieu of purchasing enhancements of our services.









 which could lead to interruptions
 delays
 loss of data or the inability to process searches. Such events could be very expensive to remedy
 could damage our reputation and could discourage existing and potential customers from using our services. We may experience break-ins in the future. Any such events could substantially harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 THEY MAY HAVE ERRORS OR DEFECTS THAT USERS IDENTIFY AFTER DEPLOYMENT
 WHICH COULD HARM OUR REPUTATION AND OUR BUSINESS.


 and we may find such errors/defects in the future. The occurrence of errors/defects could adversely affect sales of our services and divert the attention of web development personnel from our website development efforts and cause significant customer relations problems.






 rules and regulations governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis are constantly changing and evolving.&nbsp; The medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized in 23 states and Washington D.C. (with legislation to legalize medicinal use pending in 9 states) and 4 states have legalized the use of cannabis for recreational purposes; but
 pursuant to the federal Controlled Substances Act (&#147;CSA&#148;)
 the possession
 use
. &nbsp;However
 the state laws which authorize and regulate (or prohibit) the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis
 as well as the federal laws prohibiting the same do not apply to our business as we will not at any time engage or participate in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis. 


 as the cannabis industry continues to evolve
 increased regulation and oversight by local
 state and federal agencies is likely.&nbsp; For example
 more stringent local or state regulation of the cannabis industry could adversely affect the industry which would in turn adversely affect our business. &nbsp;In addition
 because the industry is in its infancy
 the enforcement of the CSA as it relates to those using and engaging in the cannabis industry
 by the Department of Justice
 also remains an area of uncertainty.&nbsp; For example
 although we believe it unlikely
 if the US Federal Government were to enforce the CSA on a nationwide basis
 the cannabis industry would in effect be abolished
 which would have a material and adverse effect on our business
 making it unlikely that we would be able to continue.&nbsp; 




 various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us. Imposition of Internet and cellular use or other charges imposed by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Internet and cellular services could have a negative impact on our business. Laws and regulations applying to the solicitation
 collection or processing of personal or consumer information could affect our activities. Furthermore
 any regulation imposing additional fees for Internet or cellular use could result in a decline in the use and viability of Internet and cellular communications
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 or timely development of complementary products
 such as high-speed modems. Additionally
 the Internet and cellular systems could be adversely affected as information tools due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of Internet/cellular activity
 security
 reliability
 cost
 ease-of-use
 accessibility
 and interest in Internet usage and quality-of-service. If the Internet and cellular services do not continue to be widespread informational media
 demand for our Internet based directory and advertising services could be significantly reduced
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.












We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc.
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Through June 30
 2014
 we were renting approximately 1
150 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis for $3
500 per month through a sub-lease agreement with our former parent company Kuboo Inc. Effective July 1
 2014 until April 1
 2015
 we rented approximately 3
235 square feet of space from Kuboo for monthly rent of $4
500. Beginning April 1
 2015
 we began occupying approximately an additional 3
000 square feet of space for no additional rent. &nbsp;Effective May 19
 2015
 we entered into an agreement with Kuboo
 Inc. under which we rent approximately 6
100 square feet on a month to month basis for $11
500 per month. &nbsp;Under the current arrangement
 the landlord pays taxes
 maintenance and repairs.




 2015
 Lee Ori (&quot;Plaintiff&quot;) instituted a legal action in Missouri against us
 Wealthcorp
 LLC
 Winterwalk Capital
 LLC
 Christopher S. Walkup (&quot;Walkup&quot;)
 Marshall P. Winters and Paradigm Healthcare Solutions
 LLC. The complaint alleged that (i) Walkup represented to the Plaintiff that he had the right to subscribe to shares of our common stock at a per share price of $.25 and (ii) that Walkup was the Company&#146;s agent and individually and in such alleged agency capacity offered to sell Plaintiff an aggregate of 1
075
000 shares of company common stock for a total purchase price of $425
000. The Complaint alleges that we are liable to the Plaintiff for the acts and omissions of Walkup
 based on the allegation that he was our agent. &nbsp;The complaint seeks from us and Walkup (1) 1
075
000 shares of our common stock and (2) money damages in the amount of $425
000.


 the Company and the Plaintiff agreed in principle to settle the matter. &nbsp;Under the settlement
 the Company agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at $62
000 to the Plaintiff as consideration for the settlement. These shares had not been issued as of the date of these financial statements. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue an additional 275
000 shares as liquidated damages if it breaches a certain material&nbsp;representation to be included in the settlement agreement.


 no federal
 state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against us.&nbsp;&nbsp;No director
 executive officer
 affiliate of ours or beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us in any proceeding.













ITEM 5:&nbsp;&nbsp;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




 Inc. (&#147;FINRA&#148;) under the symbol &#147;NCAP&#148; on May 12
 2009.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is currently only limited and sporadic trading for shares of our common stock.


 the sale of &#147;restricted securities&#148; (common stock) pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC by members of management or any other person to whom any such securities may be issued in the future may have a substantial adverse impact on any such public market.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 for the periods indicated
 the high and low closing quotations
 and represents prices between dealers
 does not include retail markups
 markdowns or commissions
 and may not represent actual transactions:

















































































 Yahoo! Finance
 and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions
 retail markups
 mark downs or commissions.




 2016 we had approximately 185 shareholders of record
 not including an indeterminate number of holders who may hold shares in &#147;street name.&#148;




 and unless and until we complete any acquisition
 reorganization or merger
 no such policy will be formulated. There are no material restrictions limiting
 or that are likely to limit
 our ability to pay dividends on our securities.




 2014
 the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares from 100
000
000 to 200
000
000. The Company also eliminated its authorized preferred shares.











 2014
 we sold 5
034
000 shares in private transactions at a per share price of $.25
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The company issued an aggregate of 305
800 shares of common stock in satisfaction of finders fees incurred in connection with these sales of securities.


 2015
 we issued 1
455
800 shares in private transactions for services rendered
 at an imputed per-share price of $.25
 being the per share price at which we had then most recently sold shares in private transactions. These shares were issued solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 22 and September 10
 2014
 we sold an aggregate of 450
000 shares of common stock in private transactions upon the exercise of outstanding warrants at a per share price of $.20
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 2014
 we issued 3
730
000 shares in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.
 our sister company. These shares were issued solely to &#147;accredited investors
&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the surrendering shareholders&#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. We valued these shares at $.25
 being the price per share at which we had then most recently sold shares in private transactions.


 23
 2014
 we issued an aggregate of 78.5 million shares to a single accredited investor (Kae Yong Park) as partial consideration for the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related internet domain names. On May 2
 2014
 the date we executed the acquisition agreement
 we most recently sold shares in private transactions at $.25 per share. This price is not necessarily indicative of the value of our common shares as of such date.


 2014
 we sold 3
250
000 shares in private transactions at a per share price of $.25
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. In connection with these sales
 between September 4 and September 22
 2014
 Kae Yong Park transferred (without payment of additional consideration by the investors) 3
250
000 shares to the persons who purchased an equivalent number of shares from us at a per share price of $.25. We paid Kae Yong Park an aggregate of $65
000 as consideration for her transferring such shares of our common stock to these purchasers.


 2014
 we sold an aggregate of 525
000 shares of common stock in private transactions upon the exercise of outstanding warrants at a per share price of $.20
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. In connection with these sales
 between September 5 and September 12
 2014
 Kae Yong Park transferred (without payment of additional consideration by the investors) 525
000 shares to the persons who purchased an equivalent number of shares from us upon exercise of warrants at a per share price of $.20. We paid Kae Yong Park an aggregate of $10
500 as consideration for her transferring such shares of our common stock to these purchasers.


 2015
 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock for $484
500 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&#146;s fees of $34
950
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $18
500 in cash
 $16
450 through the issuance of 69
100 shares of common stock. &nbsp;


 2015
 the Company issued 3
000 shares of its common stock valued at $750 as an advertising incentive
 the value of which has been recorded against revenue in the Company&#146;s statements of operations.


 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
549
000 shares of its common stock valued at $64
934 in conjunction with debt agreements. 


 2015 and November 30
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
440
000 shares of its common stock valued at $502
800 for services pursuant to multiple contracts. 


 2015
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $252
500 and $230
000
 respectively
 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher
 pursuant to his employment letter.


 2015
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo
 pursuant to his employment letter. &nbsp;Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed in which he agreed to return 500
000 of these shares to the Company. &nbsp;The Company subsequently received the shares on November 19
 2015.







 2015
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of its common stock valued at $131
000 as consideration for an exclusive option to acquire the web portal LaMarihuana.com
 subject to satisfaction of conditions.


 2015
 in conjunction with John Bluher&#146;s resignation as President
 the Company issued 1
600
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $208
000
 as payment in full of all amounts due Mr. Bluher under his employment letter.


 2015
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $20
000 as settlement of a contract dispute.


 2016
 the Company sold $150
000 of convertible notes and warrants to purchase 4.9% of the company&#146;s issued and outstanding stock
 in connection with its Joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 as disclosed in the Company&#146;s Form 8-K Current Report filed with the SEC on March 2
 2016. &nbsp;The warrant to purchase Company common stock has an exercise price of $0.08 per share
 a three-year term and a cashless exercise right.


 as amended (&#147;the Act&#148;)
 based on the following facts: there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of purchasers
 each of whom the Registrant believes was an &#147;accredited investor&#148; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended) and was sophisticated about business and financial matters
 and all shares issued were subject to restriction on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchaser was not an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the Act.













&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;aim
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;projects
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future
 including statements about our business strategy
 expenditures
 and financial results are forward-looking statements. We believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are accurate. However
 we cannot assure the reader that such expectations will occur. Persons reviewing this Annual Report are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such factors are discussed further below and also include general economic factors and conditions that may directly or indirectly impact our financial condition or results of operations.




 2014
 the Company acquired approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Yong Park (who became our majority shareholder in connection with such acquisition). The list of domain names we acquired is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Commission on June 25
 2014. In consideration of the acquisition of these assets from Kae Yong Park
 we issued her 78.5 million shares of our common stock. In addition
 we issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $500
000
 the payment of $400
000 of which is contingent upon our achieving $150
000 in monthly revenues. See Note 7 - Notes Payable Related Party and Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies
 in each case to the financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2015 filed herewith.


000 installment payment due under the Note would be made July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Kae Yong Park has waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014. Such $100
000 has since been paid to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue.




 hired employees
 leased space
 acquired domain names
 including prior to the acquisition described herein
 engaged consultants and advisors
 completed the construction and launch of its primary website
 &#147;WeedDepot.com&#146;
 negotiated vendor relationships and conducted extensive sales and marketing related activities
 including through search engine optimization
 direct selling efforts
 direct mail
 electronic mail
 social media
 and online advertising.




 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock
 for aggregate net proceeds of $465
500. In addition
 since December 31
 2014 and through April 14
 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant stockholder
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &#147;Park&#148;)
 advanced the Company $1
244
407 on a non-interest bearing basis
 of which $233
100 has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $1
011
307 at April 15
 2016. Of these advances
 the $125
000 made after December 31
 2015 were advanced on an unsecured basis. &nbsp;The remaining $886
307 amount is secured by all our assets. &nbsp;


 2015
 the Company was indebted to Park in the aggregate the amount of $361
500
 including $158
000 advanced since May 14
 2015. To evidence this indebtedness
 on May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Park a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of up to $403
500 ($361
500 currently outstanding) (&#147;Company Note&#148;). &nbsp;Unpaid principal under the Company Note is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.







000 in advances after May 14
 2015 were made pursuant to an agreement entered into with the Company on May 15
 2015 (the &#147;Funding Agreement&#148;). &nbsp;Under the Funding Agreement
 Park committed to advance the Company a minimum of $200
000
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 subject to Park&#146;s receipt of funding from a third party lender of $300
000. &nbsp;On May 14
 2015
 Park secured a commitment from a third party (&#147;Park Lender&#148;) to advance Park $300
000 in two tranches
 $100
000 on May 14
 2015 and $200
000 on or before May 22
 2015. Since May 19
 2015
 Park has fulfilled the remaining $42
000 of her $200
000 minimum commitment under this agreement as well as advanced the remaining $100
000 to the Company.


 since May 19
 2015
 Park has advanced an aggregate of $724
907 to the Company
 on a non-interest bearing basis
 of which $140
100 has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $1
011
307 at April 14
 2016
 of which $886
307 is secured by all our assets. See &#147;Liquidity and capital Resources.&#148; Neither Ms. Park
 nor Mr. Baer
 are under any obligation to provide further funding to us.


 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&#147;TW&#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company will develop an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. &nbsp;The Company and TW own 60% and 40% respectively of equity of the joint venture company. &nbsp;Under the joint venture agreement
 the Registrant and TW agreed as follows:



 in exchange for 60% of the joint venture company.



000 towards the development of the online web portal
 in exchange for 40% of the joint venture company. The estimated $100
000 will be paid in three monthly installments commencing on or about March 2
 2016.






000 in principal amount of notes).



000 in principal amount of convertible notes
 convertible into shares of Company common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. The Notes will be purchased in three equal monthly tranches of $50
000
 the first of which was purchased February 29
 2016. In addition to repayment of principal
 if the joint venture company has revenues
 the Notes are entitled to receive a portion of the joint venture company&#146;s operating income until they have received an amount equal to 50% of the face value of the notes.


 and the warrant to purchase Company common stock will have an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants will have a three-year term and a cashless exercise right. TW files reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and its common stock is quoted in the OTC market.




 subjective or complex judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods.


 subjective or complex judgments:













 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Provision for income taxes consists of federal and state income taxes in the United States. Due to uncertainty as to the realization of benefits from our deferred tax assets
 including net operating loss carry-forwards and other tax credits
 we have a full valuation allowance reserved against such assets. We expect to maintain this full valuation allowance at least in the near term.




 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to fair values of financial instruments
 taxes
 and contingent liabilities
 among others. We base our estimates on the limited historical experience we have and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
 the results of which formed the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities.



Year ended December 31
 2015 Compared to the year ended December 31
 2014


 the year ended December 31
 2014 does not reflect twelve months of operations. &nbsp;As a result
 the Company believes that comparing the year ended December 31
 2015 with the comparable prior period is only of limited utility.


 2015
 as compared with a net loss of approximately $10 million during the comparable prior period. &nbsp;The (all numbers approximate) $2 million decrease in net loss is due primarily to a $4.4 million decrease in related party consulting expense (related to one-time stock gifts in the prior year)
 a $500
000 decrease in general and administrative expense and a $900
000 decrease in settlement expense (non-cash stock based). &nbsp;The decrease in general and administrative expense was due primarily to a $400
000 decrease in internet and domain expense
 a $700
000 decrease in consulting and contract labor
 and a $100
000 decrease in marketing expense offset by a $200
000 increase in wage expense. &nbsp;The $5.8 million aggregate decrease in operating expense was partially offset by a $3.8 million increase in interest expense (primarily non-cash). The increase in interest expense is primarily due to one-time non-cash debt costs on short term debt issued during the current period. &nbsp;



As of December 31
 2015 and April 14
 2016
 we had only minimal cash on hand. Consequently
 we have an immediate and urgent need for additional capital. The lack of operating capital is materially and adversely affecting our business operations. Between January 5 and October 26
 2015
 we received aggregate gross proceeds of $484
000 from the sale of 2
781
285 shares of common stock. &nbsp;The company also received gross proceeds from debt agreements of $79
900 between July 1 and August 10
 2015. &nbsp;As disclosed above
 in order to fund our basic operations
 between December 31
 2014 and April 14
 2016
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer
 have collectively made cash advances of $1
244
407 to the Company
 $233
100 of which has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $1
011
307
 as of April 14
 2016. In addition
 on February 29
 2016
 the Company sold $150
000 of convertible notes
 to be invested in three $50
000 tranches payable as follows: $50
000 on February 29
 2016
 and two additional installments of $50
000 each
 the first payable March 29
 2016 (paid) and the second payable April 28
 2016. 


 implementation of our business plan and ongoing compliance costs associated with being a public company. Consequently
 we are currently experiencing negative cash flows from operations.







 2015
 our operating activities used $1
485
446 in cash (or approximately $124
000 per month)
 compared to $1
537
239 in the prior year (essentially unchanged). Compared with the prior year
 the $2 million decrease in loss
 $3.7 million increase in warrants issued for debt (non-cash debt issue costs) and the $100
000 increase in depreciation and amortization was offset by a $353
000 decrease in impairment costs (domains) and a $5.9 million decrease on stock based expenses (related to settlements and services). However
 there was a $395
000 increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 which enabled us to fund our operations with less cash. Funding our operations with accounts payable is however not sustainable. &nbsp;We must raise additional capital to fund our operations on a sustainable basis. If we are able to raise additional capital and ramp up our operations
 we will use increasing amounts of cash in coming quarters
 at least until we are able to generate additional revenue from our operating activities.


 2015
 there were no cash flows related to investing activities
 compared to using $516
000 in cash during the prior year. &nbsp;The $516
000 decrease in cash used in investing activities is due primarily to a $339
000 decrease in web development costs and a $165
000 decrease in domain registration costs. The lack of operating capital has impeded our web development and domain registration related activities
 which in turn adversely affects the implementation of our business plan.


 2015 was approximately $1.5 million as compared to approximately $2.1 million in the prior comparable period. The $600
000 decrease was due to a decrease of $1.8 million in net proceeds from common stock issuances
 partially offset by a $1.1 million increase in net proceeds from related party advances and notes. &nbsp;The Company encountered much greater difficulty raising equity capital during the year ended December 31
 2015
 as compared with the comparable prior year
 and thus became much more heavily reliant on debt financing
 primarily form its controlling shareholder
 who is under no obligation to provide funding to the company.


 our operations will use increasing amounts of cash in coming quarters
 unless and until we are able to generate revenue from our operating activities. &nbsp;Based on our current business plan
 subject to receipt of additional capital
 we anticipate that our operating and website development activities will use approximately $300
000 in cash per month over the next twelve months
 or $3.6 million. We currently have only minimal cash on hand. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our operations will not begin to generate positive cash flows until at least the first quarter of 2017. &nbsp;Accordingly
 we have an immediate and urgent need for capital to fund our operating activities.


 we are actively seeking to raise additional funds through the sale of equity and debt securities
 and ultimately we will need to generate substantial positive operating cash flows. Our internal sources of funds will consist of cash flows from operations
 but not until we begin to realize substantial revenues from the sale of services. As previously stated
 we currently have little revenue
 and our operations are generating negative cash flows
 and thus adversely affecting our liquidity. We intend to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financing. In addition
 we expect that our operations will begin to generate revenues during the first quarter 2017
 which should ameliorate our liquidity deficiency. &nbsp;If we are unable to raise additional funds in the near term
 we will not be able to implement our business plan
 and it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern.


 we have encountered great difficulty raising capital from unrelated third parties. There is a significant risk that we will be unable to raise additional capital form unrelated third parties. &nbsp;Although Kae Yong Park and Howard Baer have provided us with significant funds
 they are under no obligation to do so. &nbsp;In the event we do not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of common stock or from debt financing
 we will be unable to implement our business plan and pay our obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities. See Note 3 to the Financial Statements - Liquidity/Going Concern.


 which we currently do not have
 we expect to incur approximately $175
000 in website development expenditures over the next 12 months (included in the $3.6 million estimate of cash required over the next twelve months). The purpose of these expenditures will be for the development of various Websites/portals we intend to create
 modifications and improvements on existing sites and acquisition of additional domain names.


 and/or raise additional funds (either through debt or equity)
 we will be unable to fund our website development expenditures
 in which case
 there could be an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.







 we do not believe it is likely that we will raise funds through the sale of debt securities in the near term.


 In June
 2014
 we issued Kae Yong Park a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000
 as partial consideration for the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related internet domain names. We have since paid $100
000 in principal to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month we realize at least $150
000 in gross revenue. This remaining $400
000 balance is currently classified as a noncurrent liability. We believe that we will be able to make the approximate $11
000 monthly payment when (and if) we achieve the monthly $150
000 revenue threshold which triggers our repayment obligation.


 as described above
 we are currently indebted to Kae Park
 a significant shareholder
 and Howard Baer
 her spouse
 in the aggregate amount of $1
011
307
 of which 886
307 is evidenced by a promissory note. &nbsp;The promissory note evidencing this indebtedness is non-interest bearing and payable on demand. The repayment of this obligation is secured by all our assets. If demand for payment is made
 and we are unable to pay the amount due
 we would be in default and Ms. Park and Mr. Baer would have the right to sell our assets to satisfy the amounts due them under the promissory note. In such event
 shareholders of the company would like lose their entire investment in the Company. &nbsp;




 2015 and 2014.
















































 Inc.


 Inc. as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; deficit
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Northsight Capital
 Inc. as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2015
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company has suffered net losses since inception and has accumulated a significant deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/ Sadler
 Gibb &amp; Associates
 LLC


 UT

 2016 &nbsp;










NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.




December 31
 
December 31














22
951

20
690



31
500






23
351
52
190




131
000


Property and equipment
 net $5
617 and $1
471 depreciation
6
821
10
966

Web Development Costs
 net $73
833 and $11
250 amortization
249
329
327
912



410
501

391
068









384
631

34
639


173
942
56
676


949
307



79
900



1
587
780
91
315





400
000
400
000


1
987
780
491
315










Common stock - 200
000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 112
761
581 and 104
019
196 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
112
762
104
019


62
000



16
966
288
10
536
221


(18
718
329)
(10
740
487)


(1
577
279)
(100
247)



410
501

391
068










NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.








December 31


December 31










13
393







1
582
021
2
144
567


82
000
932
500


265
993
4
675
500


1
830
124
1
836
500


332
172
325
226


103
000
34
000


19
780
50
522


4
215
090
9
998
815



(4
201
697)
(9
988
767)





(3
776
145)





(7
977
842)
(9
998
838)










(7
977
842)

(9
998
838)





107
987
931
65
311
989
















NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



Years Ended December 31









(7
977
872)

(9
998
838)




4
145
1
471


62
583
11
250


71
832




353
722


82
000
932
500


1
282
500
2
296
500


502
800



208
000




4
599
000



219
000






54
156



3
702
272









31
500
(31
500)


16
000







349
992
22
909


124
266
56
676


(1
485
446)
(1
537
239)





(12
437)



(339
162)



(164
722)



(516
321)



Proceeds from sale of common stock
 net of offering costs
465
500
2
054
750



(75
500)



195
000


79
900



1
112
407



(170
100)




(100
000)


1
487
707
2
074
250


2
261
20
690

Cash
 Beginning of Period
20
690


Cash
 End of Period

22
951

20
690





















189
000





500
000



131
000





64
934





6
898







1
676



16
450

97
200





50
000









NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.
































Balance
 December 31
 2013
12
500
000
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;12
500
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;717
419
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(50
000)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(741
649)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(61
730)



Common stock sold
 net offering costs
8
284
000
8
284
2
046
466


2
054
750


975
000

194
025


195
000


78
650
000
78
650
110
350


189
000


3
730
000
3
730
928
770


932
500


1
250
000
1
250
2
295
250


2
296
500




4
599
000


4
599
000




219
000


219
000




(500
000)


(500
000)


305
800









(75
500)


(75
500)


(1
675
604)
(1
676)
1
676
















50
000

50
000

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2014




(9
998
838)
(9
739
838)


Balance
 December 31
 2014
104
019
196
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;104
019
$ 10
536
221

$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(10
740
487)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(100
247)


Common stock sold
 net offering costs
2
781
285
2
782
462
718


465
500




54
156


54
156




3
709
170


3
709
170


1
549
000
1
549
63
385


64
934


3
000







200
000

19
800
62
000

82
000


1
000
000
1
000
1
281
500


1
282
500


1
440
000
1
440
501
360


502
800


100
000

130
900


131
000


1
600
000
1
600
206
400


208
000


69
000






Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2015




(7
977
842)
(7
977
842)


Balance
 December 31
 2015
112
761
581
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;112
762
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;16
966
288
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;62
000
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(18
718
329)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;(1
577
279)











NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.

December 31
 2015




 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. &nbsp;&nbsp;John Venners
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 is our EVP
 Operations
 and sits on our board of directors. &nbsp;See Note 15 - Related Party Transactions.


 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#146;s exclusive use.










 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.








 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.




 2015 and 2014
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.




 past transaction history with the debtor
 current economic industry trends
 and changes in debtor payment terms. If the financial condition of the Company&#146;s debtors were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required.









 2015 the Company has determined that all receivable balances are fully collectible and
 accordingly
 no allowance for doubtful accounts has been recorded.








 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.








Furniture
 fixtures and equipment












 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company did not find any impairment of long-lived asset during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31
 2014.









 resellers or customers. 



 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. 















 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $81
568 and $25
909 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 respectively.




 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.


 2015 and 2014.




 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2015 and 2014.




 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &nbsp;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.




 &#147;Earnings Per Share.&#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &nbsp;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.


 2015
 the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate 11
105
285 shares of common stock. &nbsp;The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.




 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows upon adoption.




718
329 and has sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. 


 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company has (i) raised approximately $465
000 in capital through the sale of its common stock
 $80
000 in debt proceeds
 and received $939
307 in net advances from related parties under a secured promissory note and an additional $3
000 in unsecured advances from related parties. &nbsp;Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.







 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.




 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company capitalized $0 and $339
162
 respectively
 towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &#147;yellow pages.&#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $79
205 and $113
934 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $62
583 and $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


As of December 31
 2015
As of December 31
 2014



327
912
339
162



(16
000)


(62
583)
(11
250)


249
329

327
912




 2014
 the Company capitalized $353
722 incurred in connection with the purchase of rights for certain internet domain names. Domain name assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable
 or at least annually. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. Due to the uncertainty of Company&#146;s ability to generate future cash flows through the rental of its domain names
 the Company recorded full impairment charges of $353
722
 which is included in general and administrative expenses
 related to these assets during the year ended December 31
 2014. The Company does not have any intangible assets not subject to amortization at December 31
 2015 or 2014.




 2015 and 2014:


As of December 31
 2015
As of December 31
 2014



10
996
12
437



10
996
12
437


(4
145)
(1
471)


6
821

10
966




145 and $1
471 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.









 2015
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $173
942 which consisted of the following:









86
476


Former parent company
 significant shareholder

31
000


Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.

53
466


Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.

3
000


173
942






 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &#147;Park&#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward. &nbsp;Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise. 


 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral. &nbsp;Repayment terms remain the same
 and Park has to date not enforced the provision requiring repayment upon receipt of net proceeds from capital raising transactions.


 2015
 Park advanced an aggregate of $1
109
407 to the Company for short-term capital needs
 of which $170
100 was repaid. &nbsp;At December 31
 2015
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $949
307. &nbsp;Due to the on demand nature of this amount
 the company has been classified it as a current liability.


 2015:


Amount due - December 31
 2014

10
000



1
109
407



(170
100)

Balance due&#150; December 31
 2015

949
307




 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue (see Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies). 


 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. &nbsp;The Company subsequently recaptured all previously recorded interest expense related to the note.




 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900. &nbsp;The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually. &nbsp;In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898. &nbsp;The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2015 these notes have not yet been repaid.







 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each). &nbsp;The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually. &nbsp;As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918. &nbsp;The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). &nbsp;As of December 31
 2015 these notes have not yet been repaid.


 2015:


Balance &#150; December 31
 2014





79
900


(71
832)


71
832





Balance &#150; December 31
 2015

79
900






 2015
 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock for $484
500 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&#146;s fees of $34
950
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $18
500 in cash
 $16
450 through the issuance of 69
100 shares of common stock. &nbsp;


 2015
 the Company issued 3
000 shares of its common stock valued at $750 as an advertising incentive
 the value of which has been recorded against revenue in the Company&#146;s statements of operations.


 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
549
000 shares of its common stock valued at $64
934 in conjunction with debt agreements. 


 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
440
000 shares of its common stock valued at $502
800 for services pursuant to multiple contracts. 


 2015
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $252
500 and $230
000
 respectively
 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher
 pursuant to his employment letter.


 2015
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo
 pursuant to his employment letter. &nbsp;Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed in which he agreed to return 500
000 of these shares to the Company. &nbsp;The Company subsequently received the shares on November 19
 2015.


 2015
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of its common stock valued at $131
000 as consideration for an exclusive option to acquire the web portal LaMarihuana.com
 subject to satisfaction of conditions.


 2015
 in conjunction with John Bluher&#146;s resignation as President
 the Company issued 1
600
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $208
000
 as payment in full of all amounts due Mr. Bluher under his employment letter.


 2015
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $20
000 as settlement of a contract dispute.


 2015
 without admitting any responsibility
 the Company agreed in principle to issue 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $62
000 as settlement of legal proceedings
 the value of which is included in Subscription payable on the Company&#146;s Balance Sheet at December 31
 2015
 pending execution of a definitive agreement.









 2015
 the Company entered into an agreement to grant a warrant good for two years to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s stock at $0.05 per share in conjunction with a sixty-day loan taken out by the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 with an initial term of sixty days with an automatic thirty-day extension
 if not paid in full by the maturity date. &nbsp;The Company had agreed that
 if the note were automatically extended
 it would grant an additional warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s stock (on the same terms as the original warrant) as consideration for the extension. &nbsp;On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued an additional 1
000
000 warrants in consideration for the thirty-day extension. &nbsp;On August 5
 2015
 October 3
 2015 and December 5
 2015 the Company issued three additional warrants
 respectively
 to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock
 in each case as consideration for additional sixty (60) day extensions on the debt agreement. &nbsp;These warrants have been expensed as interest.































 2015
 the Company issued three year warrants to purchase 100
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share in conjunction with debt agreements (see Note 8 &#150; Notes Payable).


 2015 and October 27
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to purchase an aggregate 1
130
285 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 at an exercise price of $0.25 per share
 in conjunction with equity sales. &nbsp;


 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. &nbsp;These warrants were valued at $32
250 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $19
906 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2015 is as follows:









Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2014










11
105
285












Balance as December 31
 2015


11
185
285







 2015 are as follows:










Outstanding

Remaining
Contractual&nbsp;Life&nbsp;(in
years)

Exercise&nbsp;Price

Exercisable

Average
Exercise&nbsp;Price







11
185
285








11
185
285





270
000





 2015 was $0.36.









 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to pay the seller $9
500 per month for a period of 12 months
 for consulting services to be provided. This agreement also requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000 (see Note 15 - Related Party Transactions).


 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue. 


 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. &nbsp;


 2015
 Lee Ori (&quot;Plaintiff&quot;) instituted a legal action in Missouri against us
 Wealthcorp
 LLC
 Winterwalk Capital
 LLC
 Christopher S. Walkup (&quot;Walkup&quot;)
 Marshall P. Winters and Paradigm Healthcare Solutions
 LLC. The complaint alleged that (i) Walkup represented to the Plaintiff that he had the right to subscribe to shares of our common stock at a per share price of $.25 and (ii) that Walkup was the Company&#146;s agent and individually and in such alleged agency capacity offered to sell Plaintiff an aggregate of 1
075
000 shares of company common stock for a total purchase price of $425
000. The Complaint alleges that we are liable to the Plaintiff for the acts and omissions of Walkup
 based on the allegation that he was our agent. &nbsp;The complaint seeks from us and Walkup (1) 1
075
000 shares of our common stock and (2) money damages in the amount of $425
000.


 the Company and the Plaintiff agreed in principle to settle the matter. &nbsp;Under the settlement
 the Company agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at $62
000 to the Plaintiff as consideration for the settlement. These shares had not been issued as of the date of these financial statements. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue an additional 275
000 shares as liquidated damages if it breaches a certain material&nbsp;representation to be included in the settlement agreement.






 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company called for the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
 2015 and April 1 2015.


 2015
 the Company appointed William Lupo
 Jr. as its CEO
 and entered into an employment agreement for a 2 year term (renewable by agreement)
 which provided for compensation aggregating six million shares of the Company&#146;s restricted common stock (one million upon signing and five million issuable in eight quarterly installments of 625
000 shares over the next two years). Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 Mr. Lupo agreed to return to the Company 500
000 of the 1
000
000 shares the Company issued him upon his hiring. &nbsp;All remaining shares due under the contract were forfeited.


 2015 is as follows:






Shares unvested &#150; December 31
 2014


500
000


6
000
000


(1
500
000)


500
000


(5
500
000)

Shares unvested &#150; December 31
 2015












 2015
 the Company appointed John B. Hollister as its interim CEO
 and entered into an agreement which provides as part of his compensation package for warrants to purchase an aggregate five million shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants are issuable as follows: 500
000 warrants within 5 business days of signing and 4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments of 375
000
 commencing December 31
 2015
 for so long as Mr. Hollister is employed by the Company. &nbsp;


 2015 is as follows:






Warrants unvested &#150; December 31
 2014





875
000




Warrants outstanding &#150; December 31
 2015
875
000






 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the &#147;treasury stock&#148; method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding option and warrant contracts. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company reflected a net loss
 and the effect of considering any common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 a separate computation of diluted net loss per share is not presented.






Year Ended December 31












11
105
285








11
105
285












 2015 and 2014
&nbsp;the Company had net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $4
333
812 and $2
327
000
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. &nbsp;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
 2011 and 2010.







 2015 and 2014 is summarized as follows:








(4
333
812)

(2
327
008)





(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)


(7
668
510)
(4
400
148)


5
270
524
2
914
668


415
621
382
027


61
977
5
212


144
913
144
913


1
775
475
953
328










775
000 and $953
000 at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &nbsp;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $822
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
 2015.


 2015 and 2014 are as follows:








(3
268
362)

(4
096
324)


2
355
856
2
914
668


33
594
382
027


56
765
5
212



144
913


822
147
649
504












 2014
 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Kae Park (the &#147;Seller&#148;)
 who became a related party upon the closing of the acquisition
 which occurred on June 23
 2014.


 the Company agreed to acquire approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which
 the Company:






000. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the Company was required to pay the remaining balance of $400
000 in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue; and



000 (&#147;Royalty Payment&#148;). The Royalty Payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company has gross revenues in excess of $150
000.


 2014
 the Company amended and restated the promissory note to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014
 at which point such $100
000 was paid.







 the Seller was required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve-month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company was required to pay the Seller $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
 on the first of each month thereafter.


 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Currently
 the Company is renting approximately 6
100 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
500. 


 2015
 the Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $139
500
 as follows $103
000 for rent &nbsp;&nbsp;and $36
500 related to its use of certain Kuboo employees. &nbsp;


 2015
 a significant shareholder
 Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate of $1
109
407 to the Company for short-term capital needs
 of which $170
100 was repaid. &nbsp;The advances are non-interest bearing and secured by all assets of the Company. &nbsp;At December 31
 2015
 the Company had a note payable for these advances to Ms. Park/Mr. Baer of $949
307. 


 2015
 the Company incurred expenses of $135
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer. &nbsp;During this same period
 the Company made payments to Mr. Baer of $44
500 for said expenses. 


 2015
 one of the Company&#146;s directors
 John Venners
 advanced $3
000 to the Company for short-term capital needs. &nbsp;The advance is non-interest bearing and payable on demand.






 2015
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 made additional unsecured advances to the Company of $125
000
 and have received repayments on their secured note of $63
000 leaving a balance due of $1
011
307 at April 14
 2015. The advances are non-interest bearing with $886
307 being secured by all assets of the Company.


 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum.




 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&#147;TW&#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company will develop an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. &nbsp;The Company and TW own 60% and 40%
 respectively
 of equity of the joint venture company. &nbsp;Under the joint venture agreement
 the Registrant and TW agreed as follows:



 in exchange for 60% of the joint venture company.



000 towards the development of the online web portal
 in exchange for 40% of the joint venture company. The estimated $100
000 will be paid in three monthly installments commencing on or about March 2
 2016.






000 in principal amount of notes).








000 in principal amount of convertible notes
 convertible into shares of Company common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. The Notes will be purchased in three equal monthly tranches of $50
000
 the first of which was purchased February 29
 2016. In addition to repayment of principal
 if the joint venture company has revenues
 the Notes are entitled to receive a portion of the joint venture company&#146;s operating income until they have received an amount equal to 50% of the face value of the notes.


 and the warrant to purchase Company common stock will have an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants will have a three-year term and a cashless exercise right. TW files reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and its common stock is quoted in the OTC market.

















 our Management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report were not effective. This was due in large part a lack of duty separation caused by our small corporate structure. &nbsp;As we continue to grow
 Management plans to implement more stringent disclosure controls and procedures. 


 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within us have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.






 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.


&#151;2013
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Financial Controller
 concluded that
 as of December 31
 2015
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
 based on having insufficient resources to establish an effective control environment during 2015. 






 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.









ITEM 10:&nbsp;&nbsp;DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




 positions and biographical information are set forth below.










October 21
 2015



Executive Vice President
 Operations Director
August 5
 2015

 2014




July 1
 2015





&nbsp;Mr. Hollister has been our interim CEO and a director since August 13
 2014. Upon the successful completion of $1 million in equity Capital
 Mr. Hollister will have the title of CEO and the position will no longer be interim in nature. &nbsp;The Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Hollister should serve as our CEO and a member of our board of directors based upon his extensive experience in the following areas: 


 Inc. from October 2014 to August 2015 and Chief Executive Officer and a director of Nemus Bioscience&#146;s wholly owned subsidiary from June 2014 to October 2014.&nbsp;


 Mr. Hollister served as a strategic consultant working with early stage healthcare companies. 


 Mr. Hollister served as Senior Vice President of Marketing for Tethys Bioscience
 a diabetes diagnostic company.


 Mr. Hollister served as Chief Executive Officer of EEG Spectrum International
 a private device company. 


 Mr. Hollister served in a series of Commercial positions
 including the Global Commercial Leader in Oncology at Amgen where he led multiple teams in developing oncology assets from preclinical to phase IV. Prior to Amgen
 Mr. Hollister served as the Director of Marketing at Aviron
 a vaccine start-up.&nbsp; Mr. Hollister started his pharmaceutical career at SmithKline Beecham from 1989 to 1997.



&nbsp;Mr. Venners has
 since August 5
 2015
 been our Executive Vice President
 Operations and has since August 18
 2014
 served as a member of the board of directors of the Company. He also served as our interim president from May 31
 2011 through March 24
 2014. The Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Venners should serve as a member of our board of directors based upon his experience in governmental relations. 


 2010
 Mr. Venners has been President
 CEO
 and a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 an Arizona based company focused on developing an internet portal that provides a safe environment for children to use and learn about the internet. Kuboo
 Inc.is a significant shareholder of the Company and may be considered an affiliate of the Company. 

 since May and February
 2011
 also served as Treasurer and director (respectively) of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.
 a subsidiary of Kuboo which was developing a corporate security business.


 2008
 Mr. Venners has served as President of BioEcoTek &#150; Hawaii
 a company engaged in the waste-to-energy business. In June
 2009
 Mr. Venners founded and has since been President of Harbor Energy Capital
 a renewable energy consulting business. Prior to January
 2008 and since 1976
 Mr. Venners was President of Venners and Company
 Ltd.
 a Washington D.C based energy consulting firm.

 Effective July 1
 2015
 Mr. Dean was appointed a director by our Board of Directors. &nbsp;Mr. Dean will serve on the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is duly elected
 subject to earlier resignation or removal. &nbsp;&nbsp;







 including mergers and acquisitions
 public and private financing
 management buy-outs and corporate divestitures.




 as amended (&quot;Section 16(a)&quot;)
 requires our Directors and executive officers
 and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities (collectively
 &quot;Section 16 reporting persons&quot;)
 to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our Common Stock and other equity securities. Section 16 reporting persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


 based solely on a review of the copies of any such reports furnished to us
 none of the Section 16 reporting persons failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to our most recent fiscal year.










 without limitation
 independence
 integrity
 business experience
 education
 accounting and financial expertise
 reputation
 civic
 community and industry relationships and industry knowledge. In nominating an existing director for re-election to the Board of Directors
 the Directors will consider and review an existing director&#146;s Board and Committee attendance
 performance and length of service.




 due to our relatively low material operations and the fact that we presently have only three directors and one executive officer
 we believe that we are able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by an Audit Committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;Following significant increases in our business operations
 a further review of this issue will no doubt be necessary.









 the &#147;Named Executive Officers&#148;) during or with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013.








(1
3
4)



John Hollister
 Interim CEO

$78
495
$35
000
$54
156

$167
651















John Venners
 EVP Operations

$73
973



73
973

















William Lupo
 Former CEO



$800
000

$800
000















John Bluher
 Former CEO

$207
000

$482
500
$36
000
$725
500



$162
500
$50
000
$1
651
500
$23
000
$1
887
000
















Former President
 Treasurer

$15
000



$15
000












 2015
 John Hollister became our interim CEO. His agreement provides for a base salary of $400
000 annually and a $35
000 signing bonus subject to deferral until certain equity benchmarks are met as well as warrants to purchase an aggregate five million shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants are issuable as follows: 500
000 warrants within 5 business days of signing and 4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments of 375
000
 commencing December 31
 2015
 for so long as Mr. Hollister is employed by the Company. &nbsp;The amounts shown as Salary and Bonus have been deferred as of December 31
 2015. &nbsp;Equity compensation represents warrants to purchase an aggregate 875
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.



 2015
 Mr. Venners became our Executive Vice President
 Operations. &nbsp;His agreement provides for an annual base salary of $180
000. &nbsp;Mr. Venners resigned from his previous position as President
 Treasurer and Secretary on March 24
 2014. &nbsp;Between March 2014 and August 2015
 Mr. Venners provided consulting services to the Company which are included in consulting expense &#150; related party in our statements of operations. The amount of consulting fees payable to Mr. Venners in 2015 was $102
493.



 2015
 the Company appointed William Lupo
 Jr. as its CEO and issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 pursuant to his employment letter. &nbsp;Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed in which he agreed to waive all accrued salary and subsequently returned 500
000 of these shares to the Company.



 Jr.
 Mr. Bluher stepped down as CEO and was appointed President. &nbsp;Effective September 11
 2015
 Mr. Bluher resigned as President at which time unpaid salaries and expense reimbursements due under his employment contract totaling $208
000 were settled with the issuance of 1
600
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.



 Secretary and Treasurer on March 24
 2014 and resigned on August 18
 2014
 following the appointment of John Bluher as our CEO. Mr. Gorman was through the date of his resignation being paid an annual salary of $36
000 for serving as our part time and interim President
 treasurer and Secretary.




 which also functions as our Compensation Committee
 intends to adopt a performance-based bonus program for the Company&#146;s executive officers.




 but we expect to adopt one in the near term.









 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. &nbsp;His employment contract also called for an additional 4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments
 under the same terms as the preceding issuance
 beginning December 31
 2015. &nbsp;At December 31
 2015
 the Company owed Mr. Hollister an additional 375
000 warrants which were subsequently issued on January 13
 2016 pursuant to his employment contract. &nbsp;




 with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.


 2015
 Directors who were compensated as employees received no additional compensation for service on our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors plans to establish a compensation plan for nonemployee directors
 in connection with our appointment of such director(s).


 in order to align their interests with those of the shareholders
 each non-employee Director may also be granted rights to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price to be determined by the Board of Directors. We also expect that all or a portion of these rights will vest monthly on a pro rata basis over each non-employee Director&#146;s initial term as a Director.








 2015
 the Company appointed John B. Hollister as its interim CEO
 and entered into an agreement which provides as part of his compensation package for warrants to purchase an aggregate five million shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants are issuable as follows: 500
000 warrants within 5 business days of signing and 4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments of 375
000
 commencing December 31
 2015
 for so long as Mr. Hollister is employed by the Company.











 2016
 for (i) each person named in the &#147;Summary Compensation Table&#148; as a current Named Executive Officer
 (ii) each current director individually
 (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group
 and (iv) each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding common stock. The address for our executive officers and directors is in care of Northsight Capital
 Inc.
 7740 East Evans Rd.
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260.











 AZ 85260
35
802
232




875
000




2
000
000







Kuboo
 Inc.
8
166
666




 AZ 85260



37
380
305


2828 Routh St.
 Suite 500




&nbsp;10
666
666








 all persons have sole voting and investment power over the shares listed. A person is deemed
 as of any date
 to have &#147;beneficial ownership&#148; of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date.



761
581 shares of our common stock outstanding on April 14
 2015



000 shares of common stock which are exercisable within sixty days.



 Inc.



 in which capacity
 he manages the fund&#146;s assets and day to day business activities. Included in the shares shown above
 Sandor Capital Master Fund holds warrants to purchase an aggregate 10
130
285 shares of common stock.



 Inc.


 directly or indirectly
 has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such securities
 and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options
 warrants or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned by that person.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person.&nbsp;&nbsp;At the present time there are no outstanding options or warrants.









 2014 the Company closed a deal to acquire approximately 7
500 domain names for which 78.5 million shares were issued to Kae Yong Park (the seller). &nbsp;Upon this issuance
 Ms. Park became the Company&#146;s majority shareholder. There are no additional present arrangements or pledges of our securities which may result in a change in control of the Company
 except that Kae Yong Park has pledged an aggregate of 29
951
265 shares of her common stock to Sandor Capital Master Fund to secure the repayment of certain indebtedness of Ms. Park owing to such entity. &nbsp;There are no provisions in our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws that would delay
 defer or prevent a change in control.




 not applicable.

ITEM 13:&nbsp;&nbsp;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE




 Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former majority shareholder
 acquired 10
000
000 shares of our common stock on May 31
 2011 for $250
000 in cash
 and in connection therewith
 acquired control of our company. &nbsp;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 Kuboo
 Inc. paid $35
248 on our behalf in payment of our operating expenses
 consisting primarily of professional and other fees related to being a public company. These payments were treated as a contribution to our capital. Kuboo
 Inc. did not pay any of our expenses during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014. John Venners
 our EVP
 Operations and a member of our board
 and his spouse
 Angela McGlowan
 are each a member of the Board of Directors of Kuboo
 Inc. Mr. Venners is also President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc. As of April 14
 2016
 Kuboo owns 8
166
666 shares of our outstanding common stock (or about 7.24%). &nbsp;Accordingly
 Kuboo
 Inc. may be deemed an affiliate/related party of our Company.


 we entered into an agreement with certain of our shareholders (&#147;Principal Shareholders&#148;)
 and Kuboo
 Inc. &nbsp;By way of background
 in May 2011
 we
 Kuboo and the Principal shareholders entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (&#147;SPA&#148;) and we and the Principal Shareholders entered into a Principal Shareholders Agreement (&#147;PSA&#148;). &nbsp;Under the April 2014 agreement
 (i) the Principal Shareholders released us and Kuboo from any obligation to pay them an additional $50
000 under the PSA or SPA (or otherwise)
 (ii) we released Kuboo from any obligation under the SPA to pay us the additional $50
000 specified in the SPA
 (iii) the Principal Shareholders agreed to surrender 1
675
604 shares of our common stock to us for cancellation (iv) the Principal Shareholders released us from any obligation to register their Company common stock shares pursuant to section 10.2 of the SPA or otherwise
 and (v) we agreed to include on a piggyback basis an aggregate of 300
000 shares of common stock on each of the next two Securities Act registration statements we files (an aggregate of 600
000 shares of common stock).


 April 9
 2014
 the Principal Shareholders surrendered to us for cancellation 1
675
604 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in accordance with the April 2014 Agreement described above.


 2014
 we issued an aggregate of 3
730
000 restricted shares of our common stock to the shareholders of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. (other than Kuboo
 Inc.
 our then parent company)
 in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The shares were issued in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the shareholders&#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.


 2014
 we completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names (&#147;Acquisition&#148;)
 in exchange for which
 the Company issued to Kae Yong Park
 the seller
 (i) 78.5 million shares of our restricted common stock which represented approximately 81% of our then issued and outstanding common stock and (ii) a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;). The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum. The Note was originally payable as follows: upon our receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the remaining balance of $400
000 was payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month we realize at least $150
000 in gross revenue.


 2014
 we amended and restated the Note owing to Kae Yong Park (our majority shareholder) to provide that we would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the Note. The Note
 as amended and restated
 otherwise remains in full force and effect.







 we agreed to pay Kae Yong Park for any consulting services we may require $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and on the first of each month thereafter. &nbsp;All amounts under this contract have been paid as of December 31
 2015


 in connection with our raising an additional $917
500 in capital
 including $105
000 in connection with warrant exercises at $.20 per share
 as a further inducement to the purchaser
 Kae Yong Park transferred an aggregate of 3
775
000 shares of our common stock to persons in connection with their purchase from us of a like number of shares. That is
 for each share an investor purchased from us
 Ms. Park transferred one share of common stock to such purchaser. As consideration for her transferring such shares of our common stock to these purchasers
 we paid Ms. Park an aggregate of $75
500 (or $.02 per share).


 2014
 the Company paid an aggregate of $178
378 to the spouse of the Company&#146;s controlling shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 in consideration for the purchase of cannabis related internet domain names and related services rendered. &nbsp;The amounts paid to Howard R Baer for the purchase of cannabis related Internet domain names was based upon Mr. Baer&#146;s cost plus a fee for Mr. Baer&#146;s services equal on average to approximately 15% of his cost. &nbsp;


 2014
 the Company paid a total of $270
000 to Kuboo
 Inc.
 a significant shareholder (the President of which is a director of the Company
 and a former director of which was our CEO) as payment for rent as well as its portion of salaries/consulting fees related to its use of certain Kuboo employees and consultants
 one of whom is John Venners
 a director
 and one of whom is Howard Baer
 the spouse of our controlling shareholder.


 Inc. during this period included reimbursements to Kuboo
 Inc. of (i) $62
000 for consulting services rendered by Howard Baer
 the spouse of the Company&#146;s controlling shareholder and (ii) 49
000 for consulting services rendered by John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors. &nbsp;During this same time period
 the Company recognized rent expense of $34
000 and salary and consulting expenses of $151
950. &nbsp;At December 31
 2014
 the Company had a payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $37
176 for rent
 consulting fees and contract labor.


 Kae Yong Park
 advised the Company that on September 3
 2014
 she gifted an aggregate 2
100
000 shares to two related parties of the Company as follows: 2
000
000 shares to John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors and the President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc (a significant shareholder) and 100
000 shares to John Gorman
 an employee and former President and director of the Company. The Company deemed this transfer to be in consideration for services and accordingly recorded a non-cash expense of $4
599
000 ($2.19 per share) for the fair value of the shares transferred. &nbsp;This amount is included in consulting expense &#150; related party on the statement of operations.


 2014
 we entered into a business advisory services agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) with Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 our controlling shareholder. This Agreement supersedes the consulting agreement between us and HR Baer Consulting
 LLC (controlled by Howard R. Baer)
 dated May 30
 2014
 under which no compensation was paid to Mr. Baer and which was terminated effective September 1
 2014. Under the Agreement
 Mr. Baer is required to render such business advisory services to us as we may request
 including with respect to budgeting
 website development and sales and marketing with respect to our various web portals
 including WeedDepot.com. The Agreement provides that Mr. Baer will be paid $15
000 per month for these services and requires Mr. Baer to devote at least 100 hours per month to rendering business advisory services to us. The Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason upon written notice to the other party.

 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Currently
 the Company is renting approximately 6
100 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
500. 


 2015
 the Company incurred expenses of $139
500 payable to Kuboo
 Inc. as follows: for rent ($103
000) and for salaries ($36
500) related to its use of certain Kuboo employees. &nbsp;


 2015
 the Company was indebted to Park in the aggregate the amount of $361
500
 including $158
000 advanced since May 14
 2015. To evidence this indebtedness
 on May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Park a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of up to $403
500 ($361
500 currently outstanding) (&#147;Company Note&#148;). &nbsp;Unpaid principal under the Company Note is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.







000 in advances after May 14
 2015 were made pursuant to an agreement entered into with the Company on May 15
 2015 (the &#147;Funding Agreement&#148;). &nbsp;Under the Funding Agreement
 Park committed to advance the Company a minimum of $200
000
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 subject to Park&#146;s receipt of funding from a third party lender of $300
000. On May 14
 2015
 Park secured a commitment from a third party (&#147;Park Lender&#148;) to advance Park $300
000 in two tranches
 $100
000 on May 14
 2015 and $200
000 on or before May 22
 2015. Since May 19
 2015
 Park has fulfilled the remaining $42
000 of her $200
000 minimum commitment under this agreement as well as advanced the remaining $100
000 to the Company.


 (i) the Company agreed to issue the Park Lender warrants to purchase 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share and (ii) Kae Yong Park pledged to the Park Lender 55 million shares of her Company common stock as collateral for Park&#146;s repayment of amounts Park borrowed from the Park Lender (such 55 million shares represent more than a majority of Company common stock outstanding as of the date hereof). &nbsp;Under the note payable by Park to the Park Lender (&#147;Park Note&#148;)
 Park must repay the $300
000 Park Note within sixty days
 unless the Company has not paid her back within such time period
 in which event
 there is an automatic thirty-day extension of the maturity date of the Park Note (for a total of ninety days)
 in consideration for which the Company was required to issue to the Park Lender a warrant to purchase 1 million shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share.


 the Company issued the Park Lender an additional 1
000
000 warrants on July 15
 2015 in conjunction with the agreement&#146;s automatic thirty (30) day extension. &nbsp;On August 5
 2015
 October 3
 2015 and December 5
 2015 the Company issued the Park Lender three additional warrants
 respectively
 to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock each as consideration for additional sixty (60) day extensions on the debt agreement. &nbsp;&nbsp;


 as amended
 if Park defaults on the repayment of the $300
000 Park Note
 the Park Lender has the right to take ownership of all of Ms. Park&#146;s 29
951
265 million shares of Company common stock pledged thereunder
 without any obligation to remit to Ms. Park proceeds from the collateral in excess of the unpaid obligations under the Park Note. Under the Funding Agreement
 if the Park Lender takes ownership of Ms. Park&#146;s shares of Company common stock
 the Company (i) must issue Ms. Park 10 million shares of Company common stock (leaving Ms. Park with a net loss of 19
951
265 million shares) and (ii) shall not effect a reverse split of its common stock for a period of two years.


 2015
 a significant shareholder
 Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate of $1
109
407 to the Company for short-term capital needs
 of which $170
100 was repaid. &nbsp;The advances are non-interest bearing and secured by all assets of the Company. &nbsp;At December 31
 2015
 the Company had a note payable for these advances to Ms. Park/Mr. Baer of $949
307. 


 2015
 the Company incurred expenses of $135
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer. &nbsp;During this same period
 the Company made payments to Mr. Baer of $44
500 for said expenses. 


 2015
 one of the Company&#146;s directors
 John Venners
 advanced $3
000 to the Company for short-term capital needs. &nbsp;The advance is non-interest bearing and payable on demand.




 we have elected to use the definition of &#147;independence&#148; set forth in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. After considering all relevant relationships and transactions
 our board of directors has determined that none of our directors are &#147;independent&#148; within the meaning of the applicable listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 other than Thomas Dean. The Company does not at this time have separate Audit
 Compensation
 or Nominating and Governance Committees. Instead
 the full board of directors has the responsibility of selecting and working with our independent auditors
 setting executive compensation
 and selecting individuals to be nominated for election to the board of directors. We anticipate enlarging our Board of Directors and filling one or more of the resulting vacancies with directors who are &#147;independent&#148; within the meaning of applicable listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market.









 2015 and 2014:










47
500


11
300



























47
500


11
300



Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants
 Sadler
 Gibb &amp; Associates
 LLC
 for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.



&nbsp;Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning.

&nbsp;Consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants
 other than the services reported under &#147;Audit fees
&#148; &#147;Audit-related fees
&#148; and &#147;Tax fees&#148; above.




 there is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However
 we do require approval in advance of the performance of professional services to be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally
 all services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant.









ITEM 15:&nbsp;&nbsp;EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

















Asset purchase agreement between registrant and Kae Park
 as seller
 dated 05/02/2014 (2)



Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) (3)



Principal Shareholders Agreement
 dated as of May 27
 2011
 by and between the Company and certain shareholders of the Company (4)



Amended and Restated Promissory Note issued to Kae Yong Park July 25
 2014 (5)


Agreement with John Bluher
 CEO
 dated August 13
 2014 (5)


Agreement with Kae Yong Park dated September 23
 2014 (6)


Agreement with Howard R. Baer dated December 2
 2014 (6)














Lease Agreement with Kuboo
 Inc. Dated May 19
 2015 (7)


Joint Venture Agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 dated February 29
 2016*


Form of Convertible Note issued to Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 dated February 29
 2016*












 2008 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2011 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.
Filed as Exhibits to our Form 10K filed on May 20
 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
Filed as Exhibits to our Form 10Q filed on November 20
 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.













 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



















John Hollister
 Interim CEO






NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



















Thomas Dean
 Director








John P. Venners
 EVP Operations
 Director











































Northsight Capital
 Inc.





Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.



Dated as of February 29
 2016

























&#148;)
 dated as of February
 2016 (&#147;Effective Date&#148;)
 is by and between Northsight Capital
 Inc.
 a Nevada Corporation (&#147;NCAP&#148;) having its principal place of business at 7740 East Evans Road.
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260
 and Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 a Utah Corporation (&#147;TWH&#148;) having its principal place of business at 720 Fifth Avenue
Floor
 New York
 NY 10019.





 www.jointlovers.com (the &#147;Website&#148;);






 in exchange for 60% of the equity of the Joint Venture Company and (ii) leverage its relationships
 including with Adult Friend Finder
 for the benefit of the Business
 and TWH has agreed to provide the Joint Venture Company the funding necessary to develop the Website
 estimated to cost up to $100
000
 in exchange for 40% of the Joint Venture Company;



000 in NCAP in exchange for convertible notes in the principal amount of $150
000
 convertible into NCAP common stock at the conversion price of $.20 per share at the option of the noteholder;



 Each of TWH and NCAP have agreed to issue the other
 in consideration of the management expertise provided to the Joint Venture Company
 warrants to purchase that number of shares of common stock equal to 4.9% of their respective outstanding shares of common stock as of the Closing Date. The warrants will have a three year term and will have cashless exercise provisions. The warrants will have the following exercise prices: $.02 and $.08 per share for the warrants to purchase TWH and NCAP stock
 respectively.

NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual promises and representations and subject to the terms and conditions herein contained
 and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereto agree as follows:






means the date of this Agreement
 unless the parties agree otherwise.

&#148; means any government or political subdivision or regulatory body
 whether federal
 state
 local or foreign
 or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision or regulatory authority
 or any federal
 state
 local or foreign court or arbitrator.





means any know-how
 trade secrets
 source codes
 documentation
 version management
 and confidential and proprietary information related to the Business.

&#148; means any law
 statute
 code
 ordinance
 regulation or other requirement of any Governmental Authority.

&#148; means any mortgage
 lien
 pledge
 encumbrance
 security interest
 claim
 charge
 and/or defect in title or other restriction.



shall be defined as any and all revenues of the Joint Venture Company
 including but not limited to revenues derived from memberships
 advertising
 email lists
 product sales
 and data
 less any additional amounts that the Parties determine to be necessary to meet the operating needs of the Business
 but not less than ten (10%) percent of gross revenues.









shall be defined as hosting
 servers
 website maintenance
 marketing
 social media
 advertising
 customer service and support
 audit and accounting
 taxes
 tax preparation
 filings and general and administrative support.

&#148; means any order
 judgment
 injunction
 award
 decree
 ruling
 charge or writ of any Governmental Authority.

&#148; means any permit
 license
 approval
 consent
 or authorization issued by a Governmental Authority.

&#148; means any individual
 sole proprietorship
 partnership
 corporation
 limited liability company
 unincorporated society or association
 trust
 or other entity.

&#148; means any complaint
 action
 lawsuit
 hearing
 investigation
 charge
 audit
 claim or demand.

means any written assertion of a claim
 or the commencement of any action
 suit
 or proceeding
 by a third party as to which any person believes it may be an Indemnified Person hereunder.








 NCAP and TWH shall form the Joint Venture Company as a Delaware corporation
 for the purpose of developing the Website and operating the Business. The name of the Joint Venture Company shall be determined by mutual agreement of the parties.





. Immediately following the formation of the Joint Venture Company
 NCAP shall transfer all of the its right
 title and interest in the URL www.jointlovers.com to the Joint Venture Company
 in exchange for which
 the Joint Venture Company shall issue NCAP 600 shares of common stock
 which will represent sixty (60%) percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Joint Venture Company
 after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby. Upon issuance of the shares of common stock to NCAP
 all NCAP&#146;s right
 title and interest in and to the URL www.jointlovers.com shall
 without further action on the part of NCAP
 be vested in the Joint Venture Company free and clear of any and all Liens. The common stock issued hereunder will be subject to restriction on transfer as set forth in the by-laws of the Joint Venture Company.


. TWH agrees to fund the development of the Website related to the URL www.jointlovers.com
 which development is estimated to cost approximately $100
000
 in exchange for which the Joint Venture Company will issue TWH an aggregate of 400 shares of common stock
 which will represent forty (40%) percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Joint Venture Company
 after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby. The Parties agree that TWH shall fund the initial $100
000 in web development costs in accordance with the following schedule:



000 shall be paid on the date of formation of the Joint Venture Company
 in consideration of which the Joint Venture Company shall
 promptly following receipt of such funds
 issue and deliver to TWH one hundred twenty (120) shares of common stock (out of the aggregate 400 shares).



000 shall be paid thirty (30) days after the Closing Date
 in consideration of which the Joint Venture Company shall
 promptly following receipt of such funds
 issue and deliver to the TWH one hundred forty (140) shares of common stock (out of the aggregate 400 shares).



000 of the initial $100
000 shall be paid sixty (60) days after the Closing Date
 in consideration of which the Joint Venture Company shall
 promptly following receipt of such funds
 issue and deliver to TWH one hundred forty (140) shares of common stock (out of the aggregate 400 shares).


 beyond the $100
000
 which are required for the development of the Website shall be paid upon ten (10) days written notice from the Joint Venture Company
 which notice shall summarize the work completed to date
 the work which remains to be done
 and the estimated timetable for and cost of completion. Any additional funds
 which are required for the operation of the Business
 shall be contributed by the Parties upon ten (10) days written notice from the Joint Venture Company
 which notice shall summarize the proposed use of funds and such other information as either of the Parties may reasonably request. Any such additional funds shall be contributed as follows: sixty (60%) percent by NCAP and forty (40%) percent by TWH. The Joint Venture Company shall not issue additional shares without the vote of 2/3 of the shareholders.










000. Any such funds shall be treated as additional paid in capital for the equity interest of each Party in the Joint Venture Company. The common stock issued hereunder will be subject to restriction on transfer as set forth in the by-laws of the Joint Venture Company.


Exhibit A
 
 in order to convey the URL
 www.jointlovers.com to the Joint Venture Company.





The Board of Directors shall initially be comprised of three persons
 one designated by NCAP
 one designated by TWH
 and one designated by mutual agreement of NCAP and TWH.


The officers of the Joint Venture Company shall be the persons from time to time designated by mutual agreement of NCAP and TWH
 with the initial officers being as follows:








 and thereafter shall provide such annual and interim budgets
 as are requested by the Parties (collectively
 the &#147;Budgets&#148;).


No Major Decisions (as defined below) shall be taken unless such Major Decisions are first approved by the Parties or their Board Designees. For purposes of this Agreement
 Major Decisions means the following: (i) Any equity financing of the Joint Venture Company; (ii) Amending its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; (iii) Changing the size of the Board of Directors; (iv) granting any encumbrance
 lien
 pledge or security interest in the assets of the Joint Venture Company; (v) borrowing of money in excess of $25
000; (vi) lending or granting any credit or making any advance to any person otherwise than in the ordinary course of business of the Joint Venture Company; (vii) removing any director appointed by the Parties (other than for cause); (viii) holding any meeting of the shareholders
 unless each of the Parties is present
 whether in person or by proxy; (ix) making any payment (by check
 wire transfer or otherwise) in excess of $10
000 to any person; or (x) appointing or dismissing any Officer of the Joint Venture Company.





NCAP is currently undertaking an offering of convertible notes (&#145;Notes&#148;) in the aggregate amount of up to $500
000
 with no minimum amount. The notes shall have a one year term
 shall bear interest equal to fifty (50%) percent of the face amount over the term thereof
 be unsecured
 and convertible
 at the option of the note holder
 into NCAP common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. TWH agrees to purchase an aggregate $150
000 in principal amount of Notes
 at face value
 as follows:



000 will be purchased on the Closing Date;



000 will be purchased thirty (30) days after the Closing Date; and



000 will be purchased sixty (60) days after the Closing Date.








Prior to repayment of the principal of the Notes
 Net Revenues shall be distributed as follows:

















account
 a sinking fund
 to repay the principal amount of the Notes
 until the reserve is equal to the principal amount of the Notes. To the extent that Notes are converted into common stock of NCAP
 the amount of the reserve shall be decreased so that at no time shall the amount of the reserve exceed the amount of principal outstanding under the Notes. Any funds released from the sinking fund
 shall be distributed in accordance with this Section 6.


Subsequent to repayment of the principal amount of the Notes
 Net Revenues shall be distributed as follows:









 the balance shall be distributed to the note holders pro rata (based on the original face value of the respective Note
 in relation to the total face value of all notes in the series) until an amount equal to fifty (50%) percent of the face value of the respective Note has been paid to each Note holder.


Subsequent to repayment of the principal amount of the Notes and the additional payments specified in Section 6.3(3) above
 Net Revenues
 after payment of Operating Costs
 shall be distributed as follows:












 the proceeds of which are specifically earmarked for acquiring or launching internet properties after the Closing Date
 on the terms and conditions specified by the offering party. Each party agrees to notify the other party in writing if it intends to raise capital for the specific purpose of acquiring or launching a new internet property
 which notice shall include a description of the internet property and the terms and conditions of the securities offering. If the recipient of the first refusal notice does not agree within five (5) business days to invest in the proposed offering of securities
 then the other party may proceed with the subject offering on substantially similar terms as were offered to the other party
 without further obligation to the other party.





. In connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
 NCAP shall issue to TWH
 for no additional consideration
 warrants to purchase that number of shares of common stock equal to 4.9% of NCAP&#146;s outstanding shares of common stock as of the Closing Date. The warrants will have a three year term and will have cashless exercise provisions. The warrants will have an exercise price of $.08 per share. NCAP agrees to provide TWH with Piggyback Registration Rights in the event that NCAP should file a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933. NCAP shall bear all registration expenses of such registration
 other than underwriting discounts and commissions and any legal fees incurred by TWH. The warrants shall not be transferred without the written consent of NCAP
 which consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned
 withheld or delayed.


. In connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
 TWH shall issue to NCAP
 for no additional consideration
 warrants to purchase that number of shares of common stock equal to 4.9% of TWH&#146;s outstanding shares of common stock as of the Closing Date. The warrants will have a three year term and will have cashless exercise provisions. The warrants will have an exercise price of $.02 per share. TWH agrees to provide NCAP with Piggyback Registration Rights in the event that TWH should file a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933. TWC shall bear all registration expenses of such registration
 other than underwriting discounts and commissions and any legal fees incurred by NCAP. The warrants shall not be transferred without the written consent of TWH
 which consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned
 withheld or delayed.







. TWH is a Utah corporation
 duly formed
 validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Utah.










Execution
. TWH has the power and authority to execute
 deliver and perform fully its obligations under this Agreement.


. The execution
 delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of TWH and constitute the valid and legally binding obligations of TWH enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.


. Neither the execution of this Agreement
 nor the performance by TWH of its obligations hereunder will violate or conflict with TWH entry into or performance under this Agreement or TWH organizational documents
 or any applicable Law or Order.










. NCAP is a Nevada Corporation
 duly formed
 validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Nevada.


Execution
. NCAP has the power and authority to execute
 deliver and perform fully its obligations under this Agreement.


. The execution
 delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of NCAP and constitute the valid and legally binding obligations of NCAP enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.


. Neither the execution of this Agreement
 nor the performance by NCAP of its obligations hereunder will violate or conflict with NCAP entry into or performance under this Agreement or NCAP organizational documents
 or any applicable Law or Order.





. NCAP has good and marketable title to the URL www.jointlovers.com
 free and clear of any and all Liens.





After the date hereof
 at the reasonable request of the other party
 TWH and NCAP shall execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered to the other party such bills of sale (or other instruments) as required by this Agreement
 in order to implement the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


. Neither party makes any representations nor warranties
 express
 implied
 or otherwise
 except for the representations and warranties set forth in this agreement.









 warranties
 covenants
 and obligations in this Agreement
 will survive the execution of this Agreement.



 warranties
 and/or covenants set forth in this Agreement will not be affected by the closing of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
 or any information of which the Indemnified Party may have imputed or constructive knowledge prior to the Closing Date
 provided that the rights and remedies of the Indemnified Party in respect of any of the foregoing shall not extend to any event or matter which otherwise might have affected such rights and remedies as provided in any specific written waiver or release by the Indemnified Party.











 any qualification of any representation or warranty by reference to the materiality of matters stated therein
 and any limitations of such representations as being to the knowledge of any person
 or words to similar effect
 shall be disregarded.





 and in consideration of the agreements contained herein
 each party shall defend
 indemnify and hold the other party harmless from and against any losses
 liabilities or expenses
 including reasonable attorney&#146;s fees
 directly incurred by it resulting from any Third Party Action that is instituted against it
 resulting from or arising out of any breach of any of the representations or warranties made by such party to the other party in or pursuant to this Agreement.








 including reasonably detailed facts and circumstances pertaining thereto
 before the expiration of a period of three (3) years after the date hereof for all claims of any type or nature whatsoever.






 any person who believes he
 she or it may be an Indemnified Person will give prompt written notice to the potential Indemnifying Person of such action.



 the Indemnifying Person shall control the defense and settlement of such Third Party Action. The Indemnified Person shall render all assistance as shall be reasonable and shall have the right to participate in and appoint its own counsel (at its own cost) and be present at the defense of such Third Party Action
 but not to control the defense
 negotiation or settlement thereof
 which control shall remain with the Indemnifying Person.



 and agree that process may be served on them with respect to such a claim anywhere in the world.





 claims for indemnification under this Section shall be paid or otherwise satisfied by Indemnifying Persons within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof given by the Indemnified Person in writing.





. The provisions contained in Sections 12
 13
 14.1
 14.2
 14.3
 14.8 and 14.9 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.





. Each party will keep confidential
 not disclose and not use for its own benefit (and will cause its subsidiaries
 employees
 officers and directors to keep confidential
 not disclose
 and not use for their own benefit) any information
 whether written
 oral or in electronic format and whether or not identified as &#147;confidential&#148; at the time of its disclosure
 obtained with respect to the other party or its subsidiaries
 employees
 officers and directors as a result of the transaction contemplated hereby or either party&#146;s due diligence process in connection herewith (&#147;Confidential Information&#148;). The obligation set forth in the preceding sentence will not apply to Confidential Information which (i) is in the public domain on the date hereof
 (ii) enters the public domain after the date hereof (other than by reason of the breach of any confidentiality obligation)
 (iii) was known to the receiving party prior to receipt from the disclosing party
 (iv) is independently developed by the receiving party after the date hereof
 (v) is disclosed to the receiving party by a third party not in violation of the proprietary or other rights of the other party or (vi) is disclosed pursuant to a requirement of law or judicial process.










. Each of the parties hereto shall bear its respective expenses incurred or to be incurred in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
 except that TWH shall reimburse NCAP in an amount equal to 50% of the legal fees incurred in connection with (i) drafting this Agreement
 (ii) forming and authorizing the Joint Venture Company to transact business as a foreign corporation
 if required and (iii) Regulation D compliance in connection with the Joint Venture Company&#146;s sale of securities to NCAP and TWH. Any additional costs such as SEC filing fees
 etc. with respect to either NCAP or TWH shall be borne by the respective Parties.





. The headings contained in this Agreement are included for purposes of convenience only
 and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.


Integration
. This Agreement
 together with the other documents contemplated hereby
 constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements
 representations
 understandings
 communications
 whether written or verbal between the parties in relation thereto. No supplement
 modification or amendment of this Agreement will be binding unless executed in writing by each of the parties&#146; duly authorized representatives hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be deemed to be or will constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver will be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver. The recitals shall form part of this Agreement.


. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises
 this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Any reference to any federal
 state
 local or foreign statute or law will be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
 unless the context requires otherwise. The word &#147;including&#148; means including without limitation. Any reference to the singular in this Agreement also includes the plural and vice versa.


. If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision hereof to any party or circumstance is
 to any extent
 adjudged invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
 the application of the remainder of such provision to such party or circumstance
 the application of such provision to other parties or circumstances
 and the application of the remainder of this Agreement will not be affected thereby.


. All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person
 or when dispatched by electronic mail or facsimile transmission (provided there is confirmation of such facsimile transmission)
 or the next business day after having been dispatched by an internationally recognized courier service to the appropriate party at the address specified below:




 Inc. 720 Fifth Avenue
 10th Floor New York
 NY 10019

 CEO




 Inc. 7740 East Evans Rd.

 AZ 85260 Attn: John Hollister
 CEO







This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which will be deemed an original
 but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by fax or electronic transmission is sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
















Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
arm&#146;s length transaction to an unaffiliated third party
 then
 NCAP shall have the right to require TWH and TWH shall be so obligated
 to sell the same percentage of its equity interest in the Joint Venture Company to the proposed transferee at the same price and on the same terms and conditions. NCAP shall give TWH at least thirty (30) days&#146; prior written notice of the required sale stating the sale price and terms of sale.


 if at any time either Party determines to sell or exchange its equity position in the Joint Venture Company in a bona fide arm&#146;s length transaction to an unaffiliated third party
 then as a condition to any such sale
 such Party shall secure for the other party an offer from the proposed transferee for the purchase of the same percentage of its equity interest at the same price and on the same terms and conditions as offered to such Party. Such Party shall give the other Party at least thirty (30) days&#146; prior written notice of its proposed sale to the proposed transferee
 which notice shall delineate the proposed sale price and terms of sale. If the other Party wishes to sell
 it shall notify the other Party of its intention to sell within thirty (30) days of its receipt of the notice. No sales shall be made to the proposed transferee at a price and on terms and conditions different than those set forth in the Notice without providing a new Notice prior to the consummation of the sale or exchange.


The Parties agree that any expenditure in excess of $2
500 shall require the approval of Gary Herman
 CEO of TWH.


The Parties agree that Kae Yong Park and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer (collectively
 the &#147;Secured Holder&#148;) shall agree to confirm in writing that they will not exercise their rights as a Secured Holder against NCAP until such time as the principal and interest of the Notes is paid in full or such Notes are converted into NCAP Common stock.


NCAP agrees that it will not use any proceeds of the Notes to repay any NCAP notes payable or pay any NCAP accrued salaries. Except for the aforementioned
 such proceeds will be used for funding general working capital requirements of NCAP&#146;s ongoing business operations.



 the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.



Northsight Capital
 Inc.








Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.




















 2016 is made by Northsight Capital
 Inc. (&#147;NCAP&#148;)
 Nevada Corporation. All capitalized words and terms used in this Bill of Sale and not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Joint Venture Agreement dated February 29
 2016 between NCAP and Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (the &#147;Agreement&#148;).


 pursuant to the Agreement
 NCAP has agreed to transfer
 convey
 and assign to the Joint Venture Company the URL www.jointlovers.com;


 THEREFORE for other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 Seller hereby agrees as follows:



 transfers
 conveys
 and assigns to the Joint Venture Company the URL www.jointlovers.com.



 transfer
 conveyance and assignment has been executed and delivered by NCAP in accordance with the Agreement.



 by its execution of this Bill of Sale
 and TWH
 by its acknowledgment of this Bill of Sale
 each hereby acknowledges and agrees that neither the representations and warranties nor the rights and remedies of any party under the Agreement shall be deemed to be enlarged
 modified or altered in any way by this instrument.


 NCAP and TWH have caused this instrument to be duly executed as of and on the date first above written.

Northsight Capital
 Inc.







Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.





























THE NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO
 OR IN CONNECTION WITH
 THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. &nbsp;NO SUCH SALE OR DISTRIBUTION MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO UNDER APPLICABLE FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION UNDER APPLICABLE FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.



Northsight Capital
 Inc.

US 50
000
February 29
 2016



 the undersigned
 Northsight Capital
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 with its principal executive offices at 7740 East Evans Rd.
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260 (&#147;Maker&#148;)
 hereby promises to pay
 subject to Section 4 hereof
 to the order of Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 whose address is 720 Fifth Avenue
 10th Floor
 New York
 NY 10019 (&#147;Holder&#148;)
US $50
000) 
 on February 28
 2017
 subject to reasonable extension
 with the consent of the Holder
 which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
 conditioned or delayed (the &#147;Maturity Date&#148;).

. &nbsp;Interest shall not be payable under this Note unless and until the principal due hereunder has been paid in full. &nbsp;Once the principal amount of this Note has been paid in full (or converted into shares of Maker&#146;s common stock
 as provided herein)
 interest shall only be payable under this Note if and to the extent that the Maker&#146;s majority joint venture company (which owns the URL www.jointlovers.com) (&#147;JVCO&#148;) has revenues
 in which case
 interest shall be payable as follows: Maker shall pay to Holder quarterly in arrears an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction
 the numerator of which is the original principal amount of this Note and the denominator of which is the principal amount of all the Notes issued in this series of Notes and (ii) twenty five (25%) percent of the Net Revenues (defined below)
 after deduction of Operating Expenses (defined below)
 of JVCO
 until such time as the Holder has been paid an aggregate of fifty (50%) percent of the original face amount of this Note. 


 &#147;Net Revenues&#148; shall be defined as any and all revenues of JVCO
 including but not limited to revenues derived from memberships
 advertising
 email lists
 product sales
 and data
 less any additional amounts that the JVCO partners determine to be necessary to meet the operating needs of the Business
 but not less than ten (10%) percent of gross revenues. For purposes of this Note
 &#147;Operating Costs&#148; shall be defined as hosting
 servers
 website maintenance
 marketing
 social media
 advertising
 customer service and support
 audit and accounting
 taxes
 tax preparation
 filings and general and administrative support. For the avoidance of doubt
 if (i) the principal amount of this Note has been paid in full (or converted)
 (ii) the original amount of this Note is $100
000 and the total amount of Notes in the series is $500
000
 (iii) JVCO has revenues after operating expenses of $250
000 in a given quarter
 then it shall pay to the holder of this Note $12
500 with respect to such quarter
 determined as follows: $100
000/$500
000 X 25% ($250
000) = $12
500.

 &nbsp;The principal balance of this Note may be prepaid
 in whole or in part
 prior to Maturity Date
 without penalty upon 30 days prior written notice to the Holder. &nbsp;The Holder may
 at any time prior to the prepayment date
 convert all or a portion of the principal being prepaid into shares of common stock
 as provided in Section 4 of this Note.

 &nbsp;The entire balance of unpaid principal shall
 at the option of the Holder
 become immediately due and payable if any of the following events shall occur and be continuing:






 indenture
 loan agreement or other instrument evidencing indebtedness binding on the Maker or any of its subsidiaries which shall have resulted in the indebtedness evidenced thereby becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have been due and payable
 without such indebtedness having been discharged or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled; or






 or seeking liquidation
 winding up
 reorganization
 arrangement
 adjustment
 protection
 relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy
 insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors
 or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver
 trustee
 custodian or similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and
 in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it)
 either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 days
 or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including
 without limitation
 the entry of an order for relief against
 or the appointment of a receiver
 trustee
 custodian or other similar official for
 it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or the Maker or any of its subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (iii); then
 and in any such event
 the Holder may
 by notice to the Maker
 declare the Note and all interest thereon to be forthwith due and payable
 whereupon the Note and all such interest shall become and be forthwith due and payable
 without presentment
 demand
 protest or further notice of any kind
 all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Maker: provided
 however
 that in the event of any actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Maker under the U.S. Federal Bankruptcy Code
 the Note and all such interest shall automatically become and be due and payable
 without presentment
 demand
 protest or any notice of any kind
 all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Maker.


 or at such other place as the Holder may designate from time to time in writing.

 &nbsp;At any time after written notice to the Maker (which notice must be delivered on or before the Maturity Date)
 the unpaid principal amount of this Note and the accrued but unpaid interest shall at the option of the Holder be convertible in whole or in part into shares of Common Stock of the Maker at a conversion price equal to $.20 per share. &nbsp;To the extent that the Holder has not
 on or before the Maturity Date
 delivered the notice of conversion
 as permitted by this Section 4
 then
 any remaining amount of principal
 interest or fees/charges due hereunder may be paid in U. S. Dollars. &nbsp;The issuance of the Common Stock upon conversion of this Note shall be subject to compliance with applicable securities laws. &nbsp;The Holder shall execute such documents as the Maker shall reasonably require to insure compliance with such laws.

. &nbsp;Subject to Section 4
 the conversion rights represented by this Note may be exercised in whole
 or in part
 by the surrender of this Note and the duly executed Notice of Conversion (the form of which is attached as Exhibit A)
 at the principal office of the Maker. &nbsp;Upon conversion
 the Holder shall be entitled to receive
 within a reasonable time
 a certificate
 issued in the Holder&#146;s name or in such name or names as the Holder may direct
 which shall evidence the shares of Common Stock of the Maker issuable upon conversion. &nbsp;The shares of common stock so acquired shall be deemed to be issued as of the close of business on the date on which the Notice of Conversion is received by the Maker. &nbsp;In the event the Note is converted in part
 a replacement Note of like tenor evidencing the remaining principal amount owed after the Conversion shall be issued to the Holder.

 &nbsp;In the event of a merger
 consolidation
 reorganization
 recapitalization
 or other change in the organizational structure of the Maker
 reasonable and appropriate adjustments shall be made by the Board of Directors of the Maker (or if the Maker is not the surviving corporation in any such transaction
 the Directors
 Board of Directors or its equivalent of the surviving corporation) with respect to the shares of Common Stock the Holder is eligible to receive upon conversion of and pursuant to the terms of the Note. &nbsp;Any such adjustments shall be conclusive and binding on the Holder.

. &nbsp;Except as set forth below
 this Note does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a Stockholder of the Maker prior to conversion and surrender of this Note. &nbsp;Upon valid conversion and surrender of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof
 the Holder shall be deemed a Stockholder of Maker.

. &nbsp;The Note and the underlying shares of Common Stock shall not be sold or transferred unless either (i) they first shall have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Act&#148;)
 and applicable state securities laws
 or (ii) such sale or transfer is exempt from the registration requirements of the Act and applicable state securities laws. &nbsp;Each certificate
 if any
 representing the shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of this Note shall bear a legend substantially in the following form:


 OR IN CONNECTION WITH
 THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. &nbsp;NO SUCH SALE OR DISTRIBUTION MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO UNDER APPLICABLE FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION UNDER APPLICABLE FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.







 the Company will be entitled to receive a written legal opinion of experienced securities counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company concerning compliance with federal and state securities laws; the expense of such legal opinion shall be paid by the transferor. &nbsp;Such shares of Common Stock may be subject to additional restrictions on transfer imposed under applicable foreign securities laws.

. &nbsp;This Note may not be changed
 waived
 discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of the same is sought.



. &nbsp;Any notice
 request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder or Maker shall be delivered
 or shall be sent by certified or registered mail
 postage prepaid
 or recognized overnight courier (with signature required) to the Holder at his/its address shown on the books of the Maker or in the case of the Maker
 at the address indicated above
 or if different
 at the principal office of the Maker.

Loss
 Theft
 Destruction or Mutilation of Note or Certificate Representing Shares of Common Stock
 theft
 destruction or mutilation of this Note or any certificate evidencing any shares of Common Stock and the posting of a bond reasonably acceptable to the Maker
 and upon surrender and cancellation of this Note or certificate evidencing shares of Common Stock
 if mutilated
 the Maker will make and deliver a new Note or certificate
 of like tenor
 in lieu of the lost
 stolen
 destroyed or mutilated Note or certificate.

. &nbsp;This Note shall be binding upon any business association succeeding the Maker by merger
 consolidation or acquisition of all or substantially all of the Maker&#146;s assets.

. &nbsp;This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
 and the rights of the parties shall be governed by
 the laws of the State of Nevada
 without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof.



 Northsight Capital
 Inc. has caused this Note to be executed by a representative thereunto duly authorized.



 2016


 Inc.



 EVP Operations






























 John Hollister
 Interim CEO of Northsight Capital
 Inc. certify that:


 Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.













John Hollister
 Interim CEO





Northsight Capital
 Inc.




































 Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2015
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Annual Report&#148;)
 I
 John Hollister
 Interim CEO of the Registrant
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Registrant.














John Hollister
 Interim CEO





Northsight Capital
 Inc.



























		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20151231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt











































		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20151231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt































































































































































































































	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&amp;#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company.&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;John Venners
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 is our EVP
 Operations
 and sits on our board of directors.&amp;nbsp; See Note 15 - Related Party Transactions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;line-height:107%&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s principal business is to provide a wide variety of online directories for a broad range of businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products. The following constitute the Company&amp;#146;s major product categories: a monthly listing in one or more of the Company&amp;#146;s online directories


 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentrations and credit risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and accounts receivable. The Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The cash balance may at times may exceed federally insured limits. Management believes the financial risk associated with these balances is minimal and has not experienced any losses to date.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risk and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Receivables are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company considers the following factors when evaluating the collectability of specific receivable balances: credit-worthiness of the debtor
 past transaction history with the debtor
 current economic industry trends
 and changes in debtor payment terms. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#146;s debtors were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Changes to the allowance for doubtful accounts made as a result of management&amp;#146;s determination regarding the ultimate collectability of such accounts are recognized as a charge to the Company&amp;#146;s earnings. Specific receivable balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to the receivable.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2015 the Company has determined that all receivable balances are fully collectible and
 accordingly
 no allowance for doubtful accounts has been recorded.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of various payments that the Company has made in advance for goods or services to be received in the future. These prepaid expenses include service contracts paid in advance.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment/Web Development Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; style=&apos;width:57.1%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:51.08%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.2%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt 31.05pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;37%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0.1in;width:37.72%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:51.08%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.2%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 6.1pt 0pt 0in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;37%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:37.72%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:51.08%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.2%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 6.1pt 0pt 25.9pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;37%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:37.72%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt 25.9pt&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&apos;s carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company did not find any impairment of long-lived asset during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31
 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company currently generates revenue through advertising on its core web domains.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&amp;#146;s distributors
 resellers or customers. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;The fee is fixed or determinable. The Company assesses whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the terms associated with the transaction.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;Collection is reasonably assured. The Company assesses collectability based on credit analysis and payment history.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising and Promotion&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $81
568 and $25
909 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The fair values of the Company&amp;#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#147;Financial Instruments
&amp;#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2015 and 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loss Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &amp;nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &amp;nbsp;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per Share Policy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share.&amp;#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &amp;nbsp;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2015
 the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate 11
105
285 shares of common stock.&amp;nbsp; The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Management believes the impact of recently issued standards and updates
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position


718
329 and has sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company has (i) raised approximately $465
000 in capital through the sale of its common stock
 $80
000 in debt proceeds
 and received $939
307 in net advances from related parties under a secured promissory note and an additional $3
000 in unsecured advances from related parties.&amp;nbsp; Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;In the event the Company does not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of its common stock or from debt financing
 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition


 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company capitalized $0 and $339
162
 respectively
 towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &amp;#147;yellow pages.&amp;#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $79
205 and $113
934 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company amortizes web development costs over their related useful lives (approximately 1 to 5 years)
 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $62
583 and $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amortization Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;327
912&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;339
162&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Less: reallocate cost to invoices&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(16
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(62
583)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(11
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;249
329&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;327
912&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company capitalized $353
722 incurred in connection with the purchase of rights for certain internet domain names. Domain name assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable
 or at least annually. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&apos;s carrying value and estimated fair value. Due to the uncertainty of Company&amp;#146;s ability to generate future cash flows through the rental of its domain names
 the Company recorded full impairment charges of $353
722
 which is included in general and administrative expenses
 related to these assets during the year ended December 31
 2014. The Company does not have any intangible assets not subject to amortization at December 31


 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
996&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;12
437&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
996&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;12
437&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(4
145)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(1
471)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;6
821&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
966&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company records depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the related asset (approximately 3 years). The Company recorded depreciation expense of $4
145 and $1
471 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 2015
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $173
942 which consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;margin:auto auto auto 30.75pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;  &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Party Name:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Relationship:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;86
476&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Kuboo Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Former parent company
 significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Rent&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;31
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;John Venners&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;53
466&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;John Venners&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Advances&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;173


 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &amp;#147;Park&amp;#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward.&amp;nbsp; Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &amp;#147;event of default&amp;#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On September 30
 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral.&amp;nbsp; Repayment terms remain the same
 and Park has to date not enforced the provision requiring repayment upon receipt of net proceeds from capital raising transactions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 Park advanced an aggregate of $1
109
407 to the Company for short-term capital needs
 of which $170
100 was repaid.&amp;nbsp; At December 31
 2015
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $949
307. &amp;nbsp;Due to the on demand nature of this amount
 the company has been classified it as a current liability.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#146;s balance for these advances for the year ended December 31
 2015:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;width:80.66%;border-collapse:collapse;border-top:medium none;border-right:medium none&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:85.12%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount due - December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.26%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.38%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:85.12%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Advances received from Park&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.26%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.38%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
109
407&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:85.12%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Repayments made to Park&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.26%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.38%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(170
100)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:85.12%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance due&amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.26%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.38%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;949
307&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue (see Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&amp;#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014


 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900.&amp;nbsp; The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually.&amp;nbsp; In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898.&amp;nbsp; The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans.&amp;nbsp; As of December 31
 2015 these notes have not yet been repaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On August 10
 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each).&amp;nbsp; The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually.&amp;nbsp; As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918.&amp;nbsp; The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2015 these notes have not yet been repaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#146;s notes payable for the year ended December 31
 2015:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;width:80.66%;border-collapse:collapse;border-top:medium none;border-right:medium none&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Loan proceeds received&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;79
900&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Discounts on debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(71
832)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Amortization of discounts on debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;71
832&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Repayments on loans&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;79


 2015
 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock for $484
500 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&amp;#146;s fees of $34
950
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $18
500 in cash
 $16
450 through the issuance of 69
100 shares of common stock.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On February 12
 2015
 the Company issued 3
000 shares of its common stock valued at $750 as an advertising incentive
 the value of which has been recorded against revenue in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Between July 1 and August 10
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
549
000 shares of its common stock valued at $64
934 in conjunction with debt agreements. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Between August 20 and November 30
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
440
000 shares of its common stock valued at $502
800 for services pursuant to multiple contracts. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On January 1 and April 1
 2015
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $252
500 and $230
000
 respectively
 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher
 pursuant to his employment letter.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo
 pursuant to his employment letter.&amp;nbsp; Upon Mr. Lupo&amp;#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed in which he agreed to return 500
000 of these shares to the Company.&amp;nbsp; The Company subsequently received the shares on November 19
 2015.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 1
 2015
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of its common stock valued at $131
000 as consideration for an exclusive option to acquire the web portal LaMarihuana.com
 subject to satisfaction of conditions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On September 16
 2015
 in conjunction with John Bluher&amp;#146;s resignation as President
 the Company issued 1
600
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $208
000
 as payment in full of all amounts due Mr. Bluher under his employment letter.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On October 9
 2015
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $20
000 as settlement of a contract dispute.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 without admitting any responsibility
 the Company agreed in principle to issue 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $62
000 as settlement of legal proceedings
 the value of which is included in Subscription payable on the Company&amp;#146;s Balance Sheet at December 31
 2015


 2015
 the Company entered into an agreement to grant a warrant good for two years to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock at $0.05 per share in conjunction with a sixty-day loan taken out by the Company&amp;#146;s then majority shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer; a portion of these loan proceeds were advanced by Park/Baer to the Company to fund operations.&amp;nbsp; The note to Park and Baer commenced on May 15&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; with an initial term of sixty days with an automatic thirty-day extension
 if not paid in full by the maturity date.&amp;nbsp; The Company had agreed that
 if the note were automatically extended
 it would grant an additional warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock (on the same terms as the original warrant) as consideration for the extension.&amp;nbsp; On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued an additional 1
000
000 warrants in consideration for the thirty-day extension.&amp;nbsp; On August 5
 2015
 October 3
 2015 and December 5
 2015 the Company issued three additional warrants
 respectively
 to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock
 in each case as consideration for additional sixty (60) day extensions on the debt agreement.&amp;nbsp; These warrants have been expensed as interest.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company applied fair value accounting for all warrants issued. The fair value of each warrant granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value at the commitment date for the above warrants were based upon the following management assumptions:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;width:51.24%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;63%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:63.62%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.6%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:34.78%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Commitment&amp;nbsp;Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;63%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:63.62%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.6%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.82%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;32%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:32.94%;padding-right:2.25pt;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;63%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:63.62%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.6%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.82%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;32%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:32.94%;padding-right:2.25pt;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;150% - 167%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;63%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:63.62%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Expected term:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.6%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.82%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;32%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:32.94%;padding-right:2.25pt;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2 - 3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;63%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:63.62%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Risk free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.6%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.82%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;32%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:32.94%;padding-right:2.25pt;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in&apos;&gt;0.55% &amp;#150; 1.06% &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 1
 2015
 the Company issued three year warrants to purchase 100
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share in conjunction with debt agreements (see Note 8 &amp;#150; Notes Payable).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Between September 29
 2015 and October 27
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to purchase an aggregate 1
130
285 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 at an exercise price of $0.25 per share
 in conjunction with equity sales.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On October 21
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract.&amp;nbsp; These warrants were valued at $32
250 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On December 31
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $19
906 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;A summary of the Company&amp;#146;s warrant activity for the year ended December 31
 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;67%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;width:67.36%;border-collapse:collapse;border-top:medium none;border-right:medium none&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:51.3%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;24%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:24.88%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;nbsp;of&amp;nbsp;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;22%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:22.44%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;nbsp;Average&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&amp;nbsp;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:51.3%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.9%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;23%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:23%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:20.7%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:51.3%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.9%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;23%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:23%;padding-right:3.75pt;background:white;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
105
285&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.74%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:20.7%;padding-right:3.75pt;background:white;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:51.3%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercised/settled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.9%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;23%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:23%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:20.7%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:15.6pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:51.3%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:15.6pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Balance as December 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:15.6pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.9%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:15.6pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;23%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:23%;padding-right:3.75pt;background:white;height:15.6pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
185
285&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:15.6pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.74%;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:15.6pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:20.7%;padding-right:3.75pt;background:white;height:15.6pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s outstanding warrants at December 31
 2015 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;border-top:medium none;border-right:medium none&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:15.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;59%&quot; colspan=&quot;11&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:59.66%;padding-right:0in;height:15.3pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&amp;nbsp;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:15.3pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;38%&quot; colspan=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:38.92%;padding-right:0in;height:15.3pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&amp;nbsp;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:15.3pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.5%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&amp;nbsp;Price Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.72%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.46%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NumberOutstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.84%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;nbsp;AverageRemainingContractual&amp;nbsp;Life&amp;nbsp;(inyears)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.66%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;nbsp;AverageExercise&amp;nbsp;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.48%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NumberExercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.48%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;WeightedAverageExercise&amp;nbsp;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.48%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&amp;nbsp;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$0.05 - $0.25 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.76%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.72%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.76%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.7%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
185
285&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.22%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.62%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.12%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.74%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
185
285&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.92%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.56%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.92%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.56%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;270
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;88&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;109&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;101&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;88&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The weighted average fair value per warrant issued during the year end December 31


 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to pay the seller $9
500 per month for a period of 12 months
 for consulting services to be provided. This agreement also requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&amp;#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000 (see Note 15 - Related Party Transactions).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&amp;#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On August 7
 2015
 Lee Ori (&quot;Plaintiff&quot;) instituted a legal action in Missouri against us
 Wealthcorp
 LLC
 Winterwalk Capital
 LLC
 Christopher S. Walkup (&quot;Walkup&quot;)
 Marshall P. Winters and Paradigm Healthcare Solutions
 LLC. The complaint alleged that (i) Walkup represented to the Plaintiff that he had the right to subscribe to shares of our common stock at a per share price of $.25 and (ii) that Walkup was the Company&amp;#146;s agent and individually and in such alleged agency capacity offered to sell Plaintiff an aggregate of 1
075
000 shares of company common stock for a total purchase price of $425
000. The Complaint alleges that we are liable to the Plaintiff for the acts and omissions of Walkup
 based on the allegation that he was our agent. &amp;nbsp;The complaint seeks from us and Walkup (1) 1
075
000 shares of our common stock and (2) money damages in the amount of $425
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Without admitting any responsibility
 the Company and the Plaintiff agreed in principle to settle the matter.&amp;nbsp; Under the settlement
 the Company agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at $62
000 to the Plaintiff as consideration for the settlement. These shares had not been issued as of the date of these financial statements. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue an additional 275


 2015
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 made additional unsecured advances to the Company of $125
000
 and have received repayments on their secured note of $63
000 leaving a balance due of $1
011
307 at April 14
 2015. The advances are non-interest bearing with $886
307 being secured by all assets of the Company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Joint Venture&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On February 29
 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&amp;#147;TW&amp;#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company will develop an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. &amp;nbsp;The Company and TW own 60% and 40%
 respectively
 of equity of the joint venture company. &amp;nbsp;Under the joint venture agreement
 the Registrant and TW agreed as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul type=&quot;disc&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;li style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company will contribute the URL www.jointlovers.com to the joint venture entity
 in exchange for 60% of the joint venture company.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul type=&quot;disc&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;li style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;TW will contribute up to $100
000 towards the development of the online web portal
 in exchange for 40% of the joint venture company. The estimated $100
000 will be paid in three monthly installments commencing on or about March 2
 2016.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 8pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul type=&quot;disc&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;li style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Any additional funds required for development of the web portal will be contributed 60% by the Company and 40% by TW.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 8pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul type=&quot;disc&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;li style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;To share revenue from the joint venture company and apply a portion of any remaining joint venture company operating income to repay principal and income due under the convertible notes referenced below (up to $500
000 in principal amount of notes).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 8pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul type=&quot;disc&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;li style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;TW will purchase an aggregate of $150
000 in principal amount of convertible notes
 convertible into shares of Company common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. The Notes will be purchased in three equal monthly tranches of $50
000
 the first of which was purchased February 29
 2016. In addition to repayment of principal
 if the joint venture company has revenues
 the Notes are entitled to receive a portion of the joint venture company&amp;#146;s operating income until they have received an amount equal to 50% of the face value of the notes.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Each Party will issue the other party a warrant to purchase 4.9% of its common stock. The warrant to purchase TW stock will have an exercise price of $.02 per share
 and the warrant to purchase Company common stock will have an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants will have a three-year term and a cashless exercise right. TW files reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 2014
 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Kae Park (the &amp;#147;Seller&amp;#148;)
 who became a related party upon the closing of the acquisition
 which occurred on June 23
 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Under this agreement
 the Company agreed to acquire approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which
 the Company:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;(a)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Issued to the Seller on the closing date 78.5 million shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock which represented approximately 81% of the Company&amp;#146;s issued and outstanding common stock upon the closing;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;(b)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Issued to the Seller a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the Company was required to pay the remaining balance of $400
000 in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue; and&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;(c)&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Is obligated to pay a monthly royalty to the Seller equal to the product of (i) six percent (6%) and (ii) the excess of the Company&amp;#146;s gross monthly revenue over $150
000 (&amp;#147;Royalty Payment&amp;#148;). The Royalty Payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company has gross revenues in excess of $150
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated the promissory note to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014
 at which point such $100
000 was paid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;In addition
 the Seller was required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve-month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company was required to pay the Seller $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
 on the first of each month thereafter.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Currently
 the Company is renting approximately 6
100 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
500. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $139
500
 as follows $103
000 for rent &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;and $36
500 related to its use of certain Kuboo employees.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 a significant shareholder
 Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate of $1
109
407 to the Company for short-term capital needs
 of which $170
100 was repaid.&amp;nbsp; The advances are non-interest bearing and secured by all assets of the Company.&amp;nbsp; At December 31
 2015
 the Company had a note payable for these advances to Ms. Park/Mr. Baer of $949
307. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company incurred expenses of $135
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer.&amp;nbsp; During this same period
 the Company made payments to Mr. Baer of $44
500 for said expenses. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 one of the Company&amp;#146;s directors
 John Venners
 advanced $3


 2015 and 2014
&amp;nbsp;the Company had net operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $4
333
812 and $2
327
000
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. &amp;nbsp;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
 2011 and 2010.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The deferred tax asset at December 31
 2015 and 2014 is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;457&quot; style=&apos;width:343.1pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Tax Footnote&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:71.2pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:73.2pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Cumulative NOL&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(4
333
812 )&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(2
327
008)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Deferred Tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(7
668
510)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(4
400
148)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
270
524&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
914
668&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;415
621&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;382
027&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;61
977&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
212&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Impairment Expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
775
475&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;953
328&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company has taken a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately $1
775
000 and $953
000 at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &amp;nbsp;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $822
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&amp;#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;470&quot; style=&apos;width:352.6pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:71.2pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:73.2pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Book income (loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(3
268
362)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(4
096
324)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
355
856&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
914
668&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;33
594&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;382
027&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;56
765&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
212&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Impairment Expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;822
147&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;649


 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the &amp;#147;treasury stock&amp;#148; method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding option and warrant contracts. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company reflected a net loss
 and the effect of considering any common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 a separate computation of diluted net loss per share is not presented.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;The following securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share for the periods presented because including them would have been antidilutive&lt;/font&gt;:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;70%&quot; style=&apos;width:70.4%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:64.72%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot; colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:34.22%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:64.72%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:17.04%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:15.02%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:64.72%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants (exercise price $0.05 &amp;#150; $0.25/share)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.02%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:16.04%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
105
285&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.94%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:64.72%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.02%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:16.04%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
105


 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company called for the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
 2015 and April 1 2015.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 15
 2015
 the Company appointed William Lupo
 Jr. as its CEO
 and entered into an employment agreement for a 2 year term (renewable by agreement)
 which provided for compensation aggregating six million shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock (one million upon signing and five million issuable in eight quarterly installments of 625
000 shares over the next two years). Upon Mr. Lupo&amp;#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 Mr. Lupo agreed to return to the Company 500
000 of the 1
000
000 shares the Company issued him upon his hiring.&amp;nbsp; All remaining shares due under the contract were forfeited.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The activity of restricted stock granted to employees pursuant to employment agreements for the year ended December 31
 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; style=&apos;width:57.06%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.14%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Shares unvested &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;6
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(1
500
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Returned&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(5
500
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Shares unvested &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Warrants Granted to Employees&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On October 21
 2015
 the Company appointed John B. Hollister as its interim CEO
 and entered into an agreement which provides as part of his compensation package for warrants to purchase an aggregate five million shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at $0.09 per share.&amp;nbsp; The warrants are issuable as follows: 500
000 warrants within 5 business days of signing and 4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments of 375
000
 commencing December 31
 2015
 for so long as Mr. Hollister is employed by the Company.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The activity of restricted stock granted to employees pursuant to employment agreements for the year ended December 31
 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; style=&apos;width:57.06%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:18.86%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants unvested &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.8%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.8%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;875
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.8%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.8%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;875

	

 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets

	

 2015 and 2014


 past transaction history with the debtor
 current economic industry trends
 and changes in debtor payment terms. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#146;s debtors were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Changes to the allowance for doubtful accounts made as a result of management&amp;#146;s determination regarding the ultimate collectability of such accounts are recognized as a charge to the Company&amp;#146;s earnings. Specific receivable balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to the receivable.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2015 the Company has determined that all receivable balances are fully collectible and
 accordingly


 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; style=&apos;width:57.1%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:51.08%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.2%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt 31.05pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;37%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0.1in;width:37.72%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:51.08%;padding-right:0in;height:1pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Furniture

	

 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&apos;s carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company did not find any impairment of long-lived asset during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31


 resellers or customers. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-0.25in;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred


 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $81
568 and $25
909 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014


 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31


 &amp;#147;Financial Instruments
&amp;#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31


 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &amp;nbsp;In regards to legal costs


 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position


 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share.&amp;#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &amp;nbsp;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2015
 the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate 11
105
285 shares of common stock.&amp;nbsp; The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2015 and 2014


 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks




583 and $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amortization Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;327
912&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;339
162&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Less: reallocate cost to invoices&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(16
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(62
583)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(11
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;249
329&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;327


942 which consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;margin:auto auto auto 30.75pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;  &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Party Name:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Relationship:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;86
476&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Kuboo Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Former parent company
 significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Rent&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;31
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;John Venners&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;53
466&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;John Venners&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Advances&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;173

	

 2015 and 2014 is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;457&quot; style=&apos;width:343.1pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Tax Footnote&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:71.2pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:73.2pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Cumulative NOL&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(4
333
812)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(2
327
008)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Deferred Tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(7
668
510)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(4
400
148)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
270
524&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
914
668&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;415
621&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;382
027&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;61
977&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
212&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Impairment Expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;227&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:170.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.4pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
775
475&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:14.9pt;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;953


 2015 and 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;470&quot; style=&apos;width:352.6pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:71.2pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:73.2pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Book income (loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(3
268
362)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(4
096
324)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
355
856&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;2
914
668&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;33
594&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;382
027&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;56
765&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5
212&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Impairment Expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;239&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:179.4pt;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;822
147&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:0.2in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;padding-right:0in;background:white;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;649


 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
996&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;12
437&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
996&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;12
437&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(4
145)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(1
471)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;6
821&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10


 2015:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;width:80.66%;border-collapse:collapse;border-top:medium none;border-right:medium none&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:85.12%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount due - December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.26%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.38%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:85.12%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Advances received from Park&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.26%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.38%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1
109
407&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:85.12%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Repayments made to Park&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.26%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.38%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(170
100)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;85%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:85.12%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance due&amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.26%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.38%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;949


 2015:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;width:80.66%;border-collapse:collapse;border-top:medium none;border-right:medium none&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Loan proceeds received&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;79
900&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Discounts on debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(71
832)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Amortization of discounts on debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;71
832&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Repayments on loans&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:7.5pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;86%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:86.18%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.28%;padding-right:0in;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:7.5pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#9eb6ce 1pt solid;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;79


 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; style=&apos;width:57.06%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.14%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Shares unvested &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;6
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(1
500
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Returned&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.16%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.98%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(5
500
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:81.68%;padding-right:0.75pt;height:0.1in;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Shares unvested &amp;#150; December 31


 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; style=&apos;width:57.06%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:18.86%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants unvested &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.8%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.8%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;875
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.8%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;80%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:80.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:17.8%;padding-right:0.75pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;875


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:64.72%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:17.04%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:15.02%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:64.72%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Warrants (exercise price $0.05 &amp;#150; $0.25/share)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.02%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:16.04%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
105
285&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.08%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:13.94%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;64%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:64.72%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.06%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:1.02%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-left:0in;width:16.04%;padding-right:0.75pt;background:white;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
105


 2015 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;1&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;border-top:medium none;border-right:medium none&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:15.3pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;59%&quot; colspan=&quot;11&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:59.66%;padding-right:0in;height:15.3pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&amp;nbsp;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:15.3pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;38%&quot; colspan=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:38.92%;padding-right:0in;height:15.3pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&amp;nbsp;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:15.3pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.5%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&amp;nbsp;Price Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.72%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.46%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NumberOutstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:15.84%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;nbsp;AverageRemainingContractual&amp;nbsp;Life&amp;nbsp;(inyears)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.66%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;nbsp;AverageExercise&amp;nbsp;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.48%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NumberExercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.48%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;WeightedAverageExercise&amp;nbsp;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;12%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:12.48%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&amp;nbsp;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:9pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$0.05 - $0.25 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.76%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.72%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.76%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.7%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
185
285&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.22%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;14%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:14.62%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;1.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:1.12%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;13%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:13.54%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.74%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;11
185
285&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.92%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.56%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.74%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.92%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:11.56%;padding-right:3.75pt;height:9pt;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;270
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;0%&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:0in;width:0.68%;padding-right:0in;height:9pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;88&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;109&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;101&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;88&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;background-color:transparent;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The weighted average fair value per warrant issued during the year end December 31

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			



		


		




				


				




		















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20151231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt








		
		


		
		


		
		




		








		
		














		
		


		
		



 December 31


 December 31



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		
		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		












		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		
		


		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		




		
		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		




		


		
		


		
		




		


		
		



 President and CEO of Kuboo


 President and CEO of Kuboo



		
		


		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		



 net $5
617 and $1



		
		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		




		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		


		


		


		
		








		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		



 December 31


 December 31



		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		






		






		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		










		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		









		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		








		
		



500


500



		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		






		


		
		
		


		
		




		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		










		


		


		





 made additional unsecured advances to the Company



















		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		




		


		


		










		
		


		
		














		


		
		


		


		
		



 net $73
833 and $11



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 Kae Park
 and her spouse Howard Baer (collectively &quot;Park&quot;)


 Kae Park
 and her spouse Howard Baer (collectively &quot;Park&quot;)



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		
		








		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		








		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		




		
		


		






		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		


		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		






		
		


		


		


		
		


		






		


		
		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		


		
		


		
		



 President and CEO of Kuboo





		
		








		




		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		






		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		







000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 112
761
581 and 104
019
196 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and 2014



		


		
















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20151231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				

















































































































































































	













































































































































































begin 644 f10k123115_10k001.jpg

#$T

M!     $   
@H 
 !     $   %/          8! P #     0 &   !&@ %

0  86-S

M$G-21T(@245#-C$Y-C8M

V
3DV-BTR
M+C$
M         %A96B        #S40 !     1;
6%E:(
M  !865H@        ;Z(  #CU   #D%A96B        !BF0  MX4  !C:6%E:

2!$969A=6QT(%)'0B!C

M:6X@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ                                  !V:65W





M3H)3PED7D)CPFD;H)SPGE?L*$0HGCT*5 IJH$*F JNL4*W KSPL+
M(@LYU$+:0N Y@+L O(^$+^0P2#H

C@RG#
 
V0SS#0T-)@U

081!^$)L0N1#7$/41$Q$Q$4\1;1&

M$F02A!*C$L
2XQ
#$R
30Q-C$X
3I!/%$^44!A0G%$D4:A2+%*T4SA3P%1(5




M'VD?E!^_'^H@%2!!(&P@F#$(/ A'%((74AH2'.(?LB)R)5(H(BKR+=(PHC


.

M9$F0.=!*4%J0:Q![D(P0G)M4+W0SI#?4/ 1 -$1T2*1
Y%$D5519I%WD8B







F+B9))F0F?R::)K5FT*;

MI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@J%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/JP*K=:OIK%RLT*U$K;BN+:ZAKQ:O


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6
/4Q%'$


MT#G0NM$\T;[2/]+!TT33QM1)U

*^!GXJ/DX^<?Z5_KG^W?\!_R8_2G]NOY+_MS_;?__
M_^T #$%D;V)E7T--  '_[@ .061O8F4 9(     !_]L A  , @(0@,0D
M$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,# P,#!$,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P, 0T+PT.#1 .#A 4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$
# P
#!$1# P
# P
M$0P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

M!0$! 0$! 0         !  (#! 4&!P@)@L0  $$ 0,! (%!P8(!0


P$

A
M










H&Q_T;






@^:1CA![1/S_XSUZ2I6=;


)@68D#N0F5&OJ^/;F'%JJNL#7FI^0VLFEMC1[ZW6_R8V;_YKU/T
M>_U%>61CNLZ9U-V%;KAY]C[

#


3W;W-?N]

5WJ.OQGY0+'-L]-U65OI^S_\ @WYZ

M@@_]3_*:Y&67]612.C4^D]UDNM=:7L])PM=;8_*J=1KZ7I9#K:O3W?\ 7+%J
M)X-@%IY(B
Y1%U&1 O?1_]'U#*QJ
O'LQLE@MHN:66
/!!7FS#E_4?ZR[7N?


N:YKFAS2'-<)!&H(/<*IF_TO



2XWL#&EMA

MK-O[WT/^NJ1SVLSI^$SIV-CMR*?MF-;4]V1 EUC'MR+^^_\ 3-]7\_\ PB:G

.YK

^@S])L_
MX+T_\)8I
Z;E


M/3


M
R*;;

8:P;&#_-KYO]+P/^.=_YYO5Q5LFFRS(Q'L$MIM<^PSP#5;7_P!78U2-


M*(D*++@SSPS$X'7;7Y91_=D^=Y'7_KU;@W=

MV;?[OIL_1+H/J'TO/Z7T:RG/J-%ME[K6

M5)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*
MJ22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22G_]G_[2' 4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
  X








M]0      2  O9F8  0!L9F8 !@       0 O9F8  0AF9H !@       0 R
M     0!:    !@       0 U     0 M    !@       3A24T#^

M__________\#Z     #_____________________________ ^@     ____
M_________________________P/H   X0DE-!         (  #A24T$ @
M     @  .$))300P       ! 0 X0DE-!T       8  0    (X0DE-! @

M   #.P    8              4\   
@     P!P &D 8P    $
M                 0             #(    4\

@

    !3V)J8P    $       5S;&EC90   !(    '



969T;&]N9P

M 0       &YU;&Q415A4     0       $US9V5415A4     0      !F%L


M06QI9VX    '9&5F875L=     EV97)T06QI9VYE;G5M    #T53;&EC959E


   '@
M  !]H   &1X &  !_]C_X@Q824-#7U!23T9)3$4  0$   Q(3&EN;P(0  !M
M;G1R4D=(%A96B 'S@   D !@ Q  !A8W-P35-&5     !)14




V
3DV-BTR+C$

@-C$Y-C8M
BXQ

M14
@-C$Y-C8M


$ Q@#+ -
MU0#; .  Y0#K /  ]@#[ 0$!!P$- 1
!&0$? 24!*P$R 3@!/@%% 4P!4@%9


M NL]0,  PL#%@,A RT#. -# T\#6@-F W(#?@.* Y8#H@.N [H#QP/3 ^ #
M[ /Y! 8$$P0@!T$.P1(!%4$8P1Q!'X$C 2:!*@$M@3$!-


MC :=!J\&P ;1!N







0@

X(V8CE/(_ D'R1-)'PDJR3:

M.EK*9TITH*C4J:J;*L\K BLV*VDKG2O1+ 4L.2QN+*(LURT
+4$M=BVK


&PPI##;

]
92,5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4VU4H5755



DZ
MR;G*.
MPZ_OL
MANT1[9SN*.ZT[T#OS/!8\.7Q<O'_\HSS&?.G]#3TPO50]=[V;?;[]XKX&?BH
M^3CYQ_I7^N?[=_P'_)C]*?VZ_DO^W/]M____[0 ,061O8F5?0TT  ?_N  Y!
M9&]B90!D@     '_VP$  P( @) P)0P1PH+$14/# P/%1@3$Q43$Q@1
M# P
# P
$0P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P!#0L+#0X-$ X.
M$!0.#@X4% X.#@X4$0P
# P
$1$
# P
# P1# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
#/_  !$( $
 H 
!(@ $0$#$0'_W0 $  K_Q $_   !!0$!
M 0$! 0         #  $! 4&!P@)@L!  $% 0$! 0$!          $  @,$
M!08' D*Q   00! P($ @4'!@@% PPS 0 $0
$(1(Q!4%181

MH;%(R054L%B,S1R@M%#!R624_#A\6-S-1:BLH,F1)-49$7HW0V%])5XF7R


%
H&1%*&Q0B/!
M4M'P
R1BX7*DD-3%6-S-/$E!A:BLH,')C7TD235*
79$55-G1EXO*SA
/3

M P$  A$#$0 _ /54EPO7/K3UOJ'5W]%^K@+34YS'VM#=[G
]MWON_1445/\




M+)APSS3$
8N1_EJ]
DO/:Z/\9V2P9@M?62 YM3C36XC_ 

]FUVZO]&A&=FJ(\V7/ROM1XO=QY


M_ 9C?9;_ 
+_ 

R@;'_1OI)DUV#Z59/YW_  ;_ 
^M1XS5
MP.X;_/Q]T1YJ&L

M@VK+&55OML.UE;2YSCV $N*\\^I6




MG$=M6]RY]OD^8R#YI&.$'M$_/_C/7I*E9UOHM5CJK
_&9962U['75AS7#1S7
M-+_:YJ/BYF)F5FW$OKR*P=I?4]KVAPUV[F%WN]RDL-

MG-^@I=
_IO5?_#3?_;?%63B6YCOJC;590VO&'3K/3O\ 4#BX^F8W5;!Z?M]W

M*G?9GEAVV-KR?HN]W^$_F;/\%8L?J.3;F8F;DTL?C?LKIV3639#;3;=57:S;
M6TNVU





_3/9_







M-G_!K/P.F759F!ZG4:

M_!QNI_[;]B! *^&64!(#:6^E[C@T_P &3E4]
R
!G3CB=1Q:[

S(IMLRFFPO?D65Y63;LJMQ]MO



RUC
M

C Q
B\P-2\P
RTQ
SHT
#HP
R @( @( @(CX@







O96QE;65N='
O

M;G










3-$
49%-#$Q0C
P


M9CIL:2!S=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX](G-A=F5D(B!S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/2)X
M;7 N:6ED.C4Y
3$U-#$Q
T0Q1D4T
3%,S Q1$9!-T)$0C4R,#!%(B!S=$5V
M=#IW:&5N/2(R,#$T+3 X+3 X5#$T.C0V.C(W+3 V.C P(B!S=$5V=#IS;V9T
M=V%R94%G96YT/2)!9&]B92!0:&]T;W-H;W @16QE;65N=',@,3(N,!7:6YD

M/2)D97)I=F5D(B!S=$5V=#IP87)A;65T97)S/2)C;VYV97)T960@9G)O;2!A

M+SX@/')D9CIL:2!S=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX](G-A=F5D(B!S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC
M94E$/2)X;7 N:6ED.C5!
3$U-#$Q
T0Q1D4T

C P

3-$
49%-#$Q
M0C
P

S Q1$9!-T)$0C4R
#!%(B\^(#PO

M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @


M:W!T   !    !1R6%E:   &    !1G6%E:   +    !1B6%E:   0
M !1D;6YD   5    '!D;61D   Q    (AV=65D   #3    (9V:65W   #
MU    1L=6UI   #^    !1M96%S   $#    1T96-H   $
     QR5%)#


M.38V+3(N
0
M                6%E:(        /-1  $    !%LQ865H@

         %DE%0R!H='1P.B\O
M=W=W+FEE8RYC:               %DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:
M                                                          !D



M0S8Q.38V+3(N
0              +%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I
M=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$






  PL#%@
A RT#. -# T\#

4)^PH1B<*/0I4FH*@0J8JX*Q0K<
MO
+PLBSD+40MIX +F NP\@+X0OY#!(
*@Q##%P

P S9#/
-


M!Q(F$D429!*$$J
2PQ+C$P
3(Q-#$V



;HQ\C(J
F
RFS+4
PTS1C-_
[@S\30K-&4TGC38
M-1



M2^)

M
5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4VU4H5755PE8/5EQ6J5;W5T17DE?@6]8?5C+



=2AUA77A=CYVFW;X

MB&F(SHDSB9F)_HIDBLJ+
(N6B_R
8XS*C3&-F(W_CF:.SH\VCYZ0!I!ND-:1
IJ:H<JH^K JMUJ^FL7*S0K42MN*XM
MKJ&O%J^+L P=;#JL6QUK)+LL*S.+.NM6TG+43M8JV ;9YMOW:+?@N%FX




M\HSS&?.G]#3TPO50]=[V;?;[]XKX&?BH^3CYQ_I7^N?[=_P'_)C]*?VZ_DO^
MW/]M____[@ .061O8F4 9$     !_]L A   @( @( @( P( @,$ P(

# P
# P
# P
# P
M 0
# P4$!0D&!@D-@D*#0\.#@X.#P\,# P,# \/# P,# P,#PP,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# S_P  1 %/ R # 1$  A$! Q$!_]T ! !D

! 0$! 0
M       !  (#! 4&!P@)@L0  (! P,! (&!P


$(1(Q0051
M$V$B!G&!D3*AL? 4P='A(T(54F)R\3

G_41#DCR0'Z%9%+L5=BKL
M5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL
M5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL
M5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL
M5=BKL5=BKL5=BK__T?OYBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=
MBJU_L-\L5?GO_P XN?\ DW_/G_
#)_U$0Y(\D!^A612[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J__]+[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78JM?[#?+%7Y
M[_\ .+G_ )-_SY_S R?]1$.2/) ?H5D4NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__3^_F*



M
:*.;;G_ ('$:K$?X@C)[*]J0YX)/2]$\U^7?


MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
M_]7[^8J[%7BOYN_GY^77Y


U//+W-AY6]#R7H
M
6?G7#\!0
M/VOBW5]:U77[V74=9OI-0OIF+2W
I!9BQJ2: =3FOE(R-E] P:?'@B(8Q0'1

MEXT2:?YD&L:?O%-*U17EMP*U^S#)W_  W?

M'K&@?M!?HY^4'_.?_D7S?-:Z1^8-J/)^KSN46^CBGDLW/&H 6
7#+4U%6:F;

_YF

UYK!DKR]=@1N:]@
P)YISYFWN]'V/I-&*PXQ'W
%RMV5.!*FH


M)/L[\LO^?AWG_09+:Q_


ML5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK
ML5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK
.VMK=2\T\K!$51W+,0!@)IE$ID1B+)?D_


MO-+(Q-26=R6)^9S3DDFR^QXL

41 $8CD *'R06!L=BKL5=BKL5=BK]F/\
MGVI_Y+/SY_X$Y_Z@K;-]V3]!][X)_P %K_'L/__]])^DF;5\G=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5


CT=EV1V;D[1U4-/#G(_8-S]@+^;[\S?S#UW\T/
<-=NI)Y]4O)YK6!^(6W@DE9XX5@B*0OT9RF;*<DC(OU=V/V7B[-TT
M&

M4L=_J3S(\\



MD/I-O2]G_P#!7TTR!J






M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%






M*@9@O)V)  !89/'CEDE47 [2[2P=GX3FS2J(?N7_ 
X[?\XE^4?R;L;?5M6B
MCUWSI*I:?4WH5M^5!PA(2




M^FLRWD78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7__T85_SE;YLD\W_GGY
MUOC+ZMO8W'U*P()($*$R  _.0YRVMGQY27ZI]B]$-)V5BC6Y%GW\OT/G3
5Z




M'TD+A0?%J4&1G

MO;N1=-0EB$M8SP@ Y;_W:K7.4U&4Y9F1?K#L#LF'9FCQX(CD-_ZW7[7EF4NY

M\W?
%FLL-A
;3RU%
A(]41GU917X3M*I4[[CMFX[


M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%

8M-18
M1 BE5XBA'TUSD]3#AR$/UM[

\I^;F

MS02CE'*A!5AX@C.M!M^1I1
31V*MBQ=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M6O\ 8;Y8J_/?_G%S_P F_P?/^8&3_J(AR1Y(#]LBEV*NQ5V*NQ5Y;^=7G
M/R'^5_G#S1(X7]'65$J:5,TB0[4W_;RG49.!+N?9_0G7:[%A'\1^X7^A_
U
M//+=32W$[F2:9B\LA-26/4G.2)M^N(Q$0 .04L63[S_Y]_\ Y?+YH_-Q_-%U
M;E[/R=9RW5O*0OUA^,/&I[\)B=LV79F+BR7W/FW_!-[4_+=G^#$[Y!\.?W
A
:%@#





M[-[+U':&48L$3*1_&YZ/S!_

M R[=CFHR]JG^ /K_ &7_ 
RI[RQC
II^6


M/E$O(BOM)?H3Y)
M\_\ E'\P](BUORAK=MK-C+U
+@NA'59$KR4^Q&;/'ECD%Q-OF':'9FHT&0X\







M]0;=N5:;#Y9 BF3TG K\6?-W_DU[_P#[;4/_ !-
L8OV1T+_ (XFC?\ 
#;_





MU.A:22%&8@*X W/;-CIM%BGC!(W(?-_:3VU[4T?:.;%BR5&
B *'0^Y@/YT_

%7#Y.R]G_^


MR9MLT':G]X^__P# L_XSY?UOTR?0O_.+7_.
?Y.?F'^2_E?S1YJ\LMJ&M:BL


RM'I




ML5S'%*.:

/78?%QGO#V/L/VU_)G:
#(^B?IE\C7^RI_/7+%)!+)!
A


M 
OU;F.OW'-'VM+U /NG_ FTM8
N;OE7V1+\Q
U#Z^[%7]*?_.._EI?*/Y
^
M0]!$?IM9V+EQUWEGEEZ_)LZO2PX

AT#L5=BKL








MBKL5?@S_ 



M&H!+
/@8;_Y+


P;

M[


WN_
M$52:?
C)1064?\ .%L$B^1?

M[^2/+@D^#1+.\G:



MY#?^3K_+[_MOV7_)]

MC6=HYLL=P9&O=;\IO^?B?_DW-+_Y@!_R9MLTW:G]X^S_ / L_P,^7];],GZ
M?\ .$G_ *SOY)_U+G_J)ES9]G_W(?

M#_@;=G3TG9O'

\GZ=J

R9[,SG481^YF?\ 2FN7QHE]U9L7SEV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5:_P!A
MOEBK\]_^<7/_ ;_ )\_Y@9/^HB')'D@/T*R*78J[%78J[%7\Z/_ #EKJ!U+
M_G(+\Q9RW*EY;H/HM(
Y;6F\TGZH]B

MGY9V!7DMUYBL(W':C3*#7+M
+RQ'FZ3VDR^'V;J)=V.7W/Z7X4].&)!T1%4?
M0*9UK\D2-DE5Q0[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78JTRJZLC


T:



M^S6BL7T?27/5[.!C]
:G*V3\:_-W_DU[_P#[;4/_ !-
L8OV1T+_ (XFC?\
M
^6%B_1%?^<O/RLJ/3U;8#_ (]XO^JV1X4VJ1_\

B5#W2[

6+\Q?/UU+IS&31](

1!!65T
M2



M_E'R?Z4_J9=Y1_-C\N?/MY-I_D_SCI?F*]MXS+/;6-S'

?\YM_E%^7_ .57E#RIJ]OK
M
NL:#I=O:W206T31F2*)4/%C.I(J/#

1-V \/V__ 
#WM'7:_+F@


M5NJO7*L_:
LGI@';=A_\#C3]GR&HUTQ+AWK^'XF]_B&0_P#.*W_.&FN/KEG^



A4 V]B_P# QQZ:
UGMUIM'@.ET)!E7#8JHBJV\P_9&W
M@AM8(K:WC6*! D4:B@55%  
WP%/@\I&1)/
JV+%V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O_
MT?OYBKL5?G]_SFW_ 
XY#\Q/+I_
#RI9AO-^AE#J$FGUJT6-U( (H7#

/DN#S#IS+;ZK;2&VUK2RK0S*B.: EJK20;U.=1IM0
M

M-\L5?GO_ 
XN?^3?\^?\P

MYR^?;AC4R7Z5/R@B'\
Y/5&\DGZU]EX\/9N$?T?TEXWE#OGT'_SBO:BZ_/O\



M-O\ H]6_XR/#+_S+PR4/N;S781ZIY9UZPD7FMU83H%_RN!*_B!D4OR4_)V_E


MOQ:\S'U_S?\ 
!3_ '=YPNRG^RU!J99T8OV7T
%=%T@'J+*W!_Y%KE;)^-OF


&)VQ?SG^=?YB_F+QTW4]5*V=
MP_!-
MU5$)D( 7D1R]MVPTA])?D+_P XT7BW=EYP\^P+'J&;3=&Y@L6+#B\
MO&HH5!.S=QD24@/T   % *#PR*7X,_\ .?L!A_YR'U2NXET?3G!_UD8TSF^T
MA^^/N#])?\#*5]CQ_KR?JA_SA].+C_G''\M912AAU)=O\G5+M?X9N=;PQ^/



M:'IN8W]W]K]84=)$62-@Z.*JPW!'MFZ?%2*V+\2/^?B?_DW-+_Y@!_R9MLY_

?FS^64;



M912BBM:*3L

M^8J[%6B 0014'J
5?B;_ 
YL?\XTOY UN7\Q?)^GL/)^K!#JMM#&!'97+RLF

M6-7
3]&7E0@@&O;.GQY!DB)#J_+G:79V;L_/+!E%2B2/?1Y_%F66. [%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78JM?[#?+%7Y[_\ .+G_ )-_SY_S R?]1$.2/) ?H5D4NQ5V
M*NQ5V*OYD_SI_P#)I^=/^8__ )EIG):C^\+]=^S_ /B&+^K^DO+\I=P^E/\
MG$;_ ,G]^7W_ &TK;_J(BS+T7]]%Y+VX_P
C-_5/W%_11G4/RR[%78J\%_Y

M#/@VNZM\(?\ 12Z[_P#+;?\ 3\O_ %2S7?RM_1?2/^321_U?_8_M=_T4NN__



_\ ./\ YZ3SS^7&BW4TH?5-.1[348JDE#'+
M(D5:^





1Y
MN]'_ '4?
M4 L]


D8BA+U#XD_J?G!_S\3_\ )N:7_P P _Y
VV:KM3^\?5O^


QKW
MSG^T\(A
?+WSK^2D=I?S-<7'E
M'4)-*

SW

M()5#CJ&5@#W5E##W&1G 3%%RM%K
FCS1S8S4HFP_GH_YR-_(W5_R/\]WND31

X;_P#.1US^5'FR'REYBO))/)7FFZM;9_4D
M'IV
]^Z]K=07MM;WEK*LUM=1K+!*IJ&1Q52/$'.B!M^<9P
)&)V(1&%B[%78J


Y!


B5# _^



 $?YO%_
MQ3RS_GW!^8D-KJ7FS\M[RXXM?0'5M-5V %8I(82B@[U)F)VRGLK+1

M7[+

M%_XU\/Q^Y^?'_/N#_P F9YG_ .V-)_Q./-7V5]9]SZ?_ 


M[WZI]I?^



SNS!6+XO$_\
M!.R7:M#I ??)\5_\_$__)N:7_S #_DS;9K^U/[Q[_\ X%G_ !GR_K?ID_03
M_G3_P!9W\D_ZES_ -1

UXE^4O\ S\LU




%V8SZ1) /P\U4G8]


MH8M?IXY\1N


M:Y_['YE^F.;9\D=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BJU_L-\L5?GO\ \XN?^3?\^?\ 
#)_





G\Q=;URPC9[:[DBATZ$#XBL


ME@%

/G'



MZYHZZ+HZMJ=LME;@@R+L1&OOE;)-/T[HW_5TM?^1J_UQ5#:]-%/Y9UR:19
M8GTVZ*2*:@CT6Z'%7X\_EG)'%^;7E&25Q'&GF6R9W8T  O8R23EA8OV-77=&




MG_@'&6!B_8OR/YJM/.OE?2/
MD1Z.IPB3@-N)_E(RLLD-^8ODO3_ 
PO)/F;



M+#/2^T/9POU0R#?R/(_;;]T_R6_YR(\@_G+H


MY8:==A=;37_


,;G=UO8_L=VAVC,.
B/61JA


M[%78J[%78J[%78JM?[#?+%7Y[_\ .+G_ )-_SY_S R?]1$.2/) ?H5D4NQ5V





F@S6.GZ=
+Q[F2E/4BD61?O(R1*


_-S_J6+O[QAM7?\J-_-S_J6+O[QC:OTK_+?0]6T

L?E6YHTSLC CN


?*NBZMY
M7\V:/-86L5PUYIT\IJ/C2*
QCP ]



MS^#\@_-__.*'Y]_EIJ;3V?EZ]U*.#XK75=(I
Y!)6H2!I&4YHYZ++C/+Y/N6

2V^^F


MZI8&VMM-#QRR?&P;DQ21N- O0COFT[/TD\1
I/E?_!!]K-'VIBC@TY
N&5D[
MC[P_0/S/;37GEW6;6W0R3W%I*D48ZEBM 




_Y=?\ 
=-_



R9#W2-U\+?2F9;R;L5=BKL5=BKL56O]AOE

M(GU;=3[1T^
_M\1U.)I#%Y_P R_P X?




MG2M.T


K\V=2_

MI'AI#

;/S+_ #3F_-C7/R]\C66FW TJSAO5-V'#%&BMBVZL!]N?[LD






M
DB9+?X@)/[P[GCX]\=D/JC EX+_ 
Y!?F=J?Y8^4[74=%6)]5OKD1VZS LO



QM;N?SRU;\NI(H!HMEI(O8I0&]4R%8#0FM*?O#VQK9
M*[\Z?S%UKR /*/Z'B@E_3FJK9W7K!C2
Q2O5:$;U08@*QK\S/SHU3R'^:/E/

M!*%7C=P=B#^R

.O2O#D
BEX'
M_P X^_G)?_FC::Y;ZW'!!J^D3*2D 8*89*A#\1.]5:N$BD!-6_


K\_?+?F/1/+=[I^A_7
M?



MA_P

E
I W@2#_G<-?<_9+-Z



7Y_?E









M _[

/-7^*_^<8K:XF-+[39$T[4(B3S62TCF@/('


F#[UW


_E_7/+NHQK)8Z[87.GW2
*CT[F)HFV^3'(SB) @
M]7(TFIEILT


M([%78J[%78J[%7XL?\_'O_)I^7/^V)#_ 



G/[A]X?TA9U3\H

%SI4L8D/0-_I1I7Z
D.2'UKD

\\Z5Y?2=+6:R:1Q<3RSMRY@_:E9CW\<%I?'$MC^8.E?E5Y#O[SS3
G^685BT<V<$M


;?







M_PM_E-_P 89/\ B8Q5AM[Y#T'\P/\ G(CS9I/F.:2UCT]9$]:2%@W.?J
3_/DQCL(VC59H9DDC4!I#R=P#<C<M






M?
27\UYYTU*[
M
(CICU5,OR2\T)
MYO\ SUDU@,6F/DZWM[RI!/KV\-G%+6G^6IQ/)7HGYR?^3A_*+_C+)_R9N\ 5
M]27%O#=036UQ$LT%PC1S1. 596%"#U!!P)?%MS9WOY_F]I\NGN_P#@+\P+
ML1360)$=M





Y


D8BY8R)#[ON+^@/.E?F1V*NQ5










MHMSI'E+RI:


K1OS!\RZ(WESROY4;UO+MG


M@


P
?$!G0U_=I7J*'QQYJ]!\TV]Q^??Y






_

M# 




/\ Y/?\NO\ F.F_ZA9LR='_ 'L7


MCPIEVGCQ9(CS'WNE]H\XP]FZB1_U.?\ N2_I@M8A!;6\ %!#$D8'^JH&=8'Y
M(G+BD3WJ^%B[%78J[%78JM?[#?+%7Y[_ /.+G_DW_/G_ # R?]1$.2/) ?H5


MA# T((/0C.:?ID$$6%N*7WS_ 
X


G1

MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78





G/[A]X?TA9U3\HNQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N

MORA^K6.G:A#K7EZ$PI^A-2622)(H]B(O2EA()4TW)Z#

M/[5N4HF


?\ #$8#(#FV0P9)_3$GW!\M_F]_SF+^
M4OY8V=S!::S'YG\RB/E::/9)


H=ZJ0PRW$T5


=MYG@CF:9%V*
M^NJM*7IN/@0=O?-OINTJVG\WR#VF_P!G'-(YM:)YP-5\.5?$OTZ\I?FM^7


#(T!

M .!=I\F+03XXF-S/


M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5__U_'^


MV=-B/_).'ZDIU7\SOS*UU&CUO\PO



M'E31IG;2;[MC2_F$/PN/5HB-*K!@K LI H14;30:/C/'+D^6?\$#VPCH\1

MKL5=BKL5=BJU_L-\L5?GO_SBY_Y-_P ^?\P
G_41#DCR0'Z%9%+L5=BKL5=B



M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7





BR3S%Y61W
.MV)=Q'&!R

M;_

MP'YHVQ_Y]I7_ #!U+\PH3'7XEMXV5OH+1L

!^)_:]=\K_
M //N;\I]
DCN?
'F#S#K



M\P
G_41#DCR0'Z%9%+L5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK__U?OYBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B

MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7__6^_F*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5_]?[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7_T/OYBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
;KL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5?_9
end








begin 644 f10k123115_10k002.jpg

#$T

M!     $   4(H 
 !     $   #X          8! P #     0 &   !&@ %

0  86-S

M$G-21T(@245#-C$Y-C8M

V
3DV-BTR
M+C$
M         %A96B        #S40 !     1;
6%E:(
M  !865H@        ;Z(  #CU   #D%A96B        !BF0  MX4  !C:6%E:

2!$969A=6QT(%)'0B!C

M:6X@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ                                  !V:65W





M3H)3PED7D)CPFD;H)SPGE?L*$0HGCT*5 IJH$*F JNL4*W KSPL+
M(@LYU$+:0N Y@+L O(^$+^0P2#H

C@RG#
 
V0SS#0T-)@U

081!^$)L0N1#7$/41$Q$Q$4\1;1&

M$F02A!*C$L
2XQ
#$R
30Q-C$X
3I!/%$^44!A0G%$D4:A2+%*T4SA3P%1(5




M'VD?E!^_'^H@%2!!(&P@F#$(/ A'%((74AH2'.(?LB)R)5(H(BKR+=(PHC


.

M9$F0.=!*4%J0:Q![D(P0G)M4+W0SI#?4/ 1 -$1T2*1
Y%$D5519I%WD8B







F+B9))F0F?R::)K5FT*;

MI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@J%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/JP*K=:OIK%RLT*U$K;BN+:ZAKQ:O


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6
/4Q%'$


MT#G0NM$\T;[2/]+!TT33QM1)U

*^!GXJ/DX^<?Z5_KG^W?\!_R8_2G]NOY+_MS_;?__
M_^T #$%D;V)E7T--  '_[@ .061O8F4 9(     !_]L A  , @(0@,0D
M$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,# P,#!$,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P, 0T+PT.#1 .#A 4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$
# P
#!$1# P
# P
M$0P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

M!0$! 0$! 0         !  (#! 4&!P@)@L0  $$ 0,! (%!P8(!0


P$

A
M





MSZ;W!C9#R=I'&V-P+A[?SDLTW!C'55BW:Z7-(G2'?Y/N4\=LUML?4VJUP]

ME_W_ /PJO)*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI__]#TO/SV
M8+*WO8^SU;!4T5B3N=.V9(]OM52OZPXMA %-HW


M@BX

N :P[-KMVS_MZSTE

M!       'AP!6@ #&R5'' (   ( :1P4  *4V%R86@@5V]O9#A24T$)0

X0DE-!#H      )
    0     0


M   2     $-P=&YB;V]L      !#;&)R8F]O;       4F=S36)O;VP


M 0       %)'0D
    #     %)D(!D;W5B0&_@            1W)N(&1O
M=6) ;^            !; @9&]U8D!OX            $)R9%15;G1&(U)L
M=                $)L9!5;G1&(U)L=                %)S;'15;G1&

M    0           0 X0DE-)Q        H  0         .$))30/U
M  !( ]F9@ ! &QF9@ &       ! ]F9@ ! *&9F@ &       ! #(    !
M %H    &       ! #4    ! T    &       !.$))30/X      !P  #_
M____________________________ ^@     ________________________
M_____P/H     /____________________________\#Z     #_________
M____________________ ^@  #A24T$         @  .$))300       
M   X0DE-!#        $! #A24T$+0      !@ !     CA24T$
M$     $   )    0      X0DE-!!X       0     .$))300:      
]
M    !@              ^   !0@    $ $0 ;P!C #(    !
M              $             !0@   #X                      $
M                        $     $       !N=6QL     @    9B;W5N

M  9S;&EC97-6;$QS     4]B:F





M $)T;VUL;VYG    ^     !29VAT;&]N9P  !0@    #=7)L5$585     $

M86=415A4     0      #F-E;&Q497AT27-(5$U
8F]O; $    (8V5L;%1E

     !%-     0   *     ?   !X
M.B   !$Q !@  ?_8_^(
6$E#0U]04D]&24Q%  $!   

M                                   18W!R=    5     S9&5S8P


M   D=&5C:   !#     

9U120P  !#P   @
8E120P
M!#P   @


M         !9)14

N8V@              !9)14
@

N8V@
M                        9&5S8P         N245#(#8Q.38V+3(N
2!$


         +%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W
M:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V

          0


 *  M #( -P [ $  10!* $\ 5 !9 %X 8P!H

8 RP#0 -4

@$X 3X!10%
 5(!60%@

M O4#  
+ Q8#(0

M^00&!!
$( 0M!#L$2 15!&




M'%((74AH2'.(?LB)R)5(H(BKR+=(PHC.-F(Y0CPB/P)!\D321\)*LDVB4)


*0PVS$2
4HQ@C&Z
?(R*C)C
ILR
MU#
-
T8S?S.X









(*2@O2#5X.ZA!V$

Z)





\QGSI_0T]


M8F4 9(     !_]L A  
 @(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
M# P
#!$
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
 0T+PT.#1 .#A 4
M#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$,# P,#!$1# P,# P,$0P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# S_P  1  ? * # 2(  A$! Q$!_]T !  *_\0!/P   04! 0$!

! (%!P8(!0,,,P$  A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q
M0B
D%5+!8C





N]%V[^M_K^D4


M6?I

ML?2@?3C\_;M24Y]G7L=A ;4]Y=&T-+.[6/U]_MV^I_GJS]N!I]8 !IKKL:'F

:_!)30;U1[@X^F&^TN +M?I-9[]!L^E[]R?]J!^X4U

YVQ7V[8]L1Y):)*:3NJ
977:]HVOW
M3M=N.YI VMT;])IWJ+^K

MV0 X0DE-!$      'L    ! 0   !@ 00!D &\ 8@!E   4 !H &\ = !O
M '
 : !O '  ( !% &P 90!M &4 ;@!T '
    = $$ 9 !O &( 90 @ %
M: !O '0 ;P!S &@ ;P!P   10!L &4 ;0!E &X = !S   


M8S Q
2 V
M-BXQ-#8W
CDL(#(P
3(O
#4O
#
M
3
Z-# Z
#




M87 O
&UL;G

M='1P.B\O;G





M9#HW-3$S-4(T
C-$
49%-#$Q.3 Q-3@W
D
Q-S=!14%!





M=G0Z=VAE;CTB
C Q-TP.TP.%0Q-#HT-SHT.2TP-CHP




M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( \/WAP86-K970@96YD/2)W(C\^_^(
6$E#0U]04D]&
M24Q%  $!   

M
M   18W!R=    5     S9&5S8P   80   !L=W1P=    ?     48FMP=

M9    E0   !P9&UD9    L0   (=G5E9    TP   &=FEE=P   ]0    D


M  @
9U120P  !#P   @
8E120P  !#P   @

M*&


M96
N8V@              !9)14

N8V@
M                                                    9&5S8P
M       N245#(#8Q.38V+3(N


M        +%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV


          0                        */     G-I

 *  M #(


M'P$E 2L!
@$X 3X!10%


+ Q8#(0
M S@#0P-/ UH#9@-R

$( 0M!#L$2 15!&






M
*0PVS$2
4HQ@C&Z
?(R*C)C
ILRU#
-
T8S?S.X
_$T*S1E-)XTV#43-4TU




&_1
M<MPAG#@<3IQE7'P<DMRIG





Z)
M

MYZGH

\QGS
MI_0T]

M_^X #D%D;V)E &1      ?_; (0  @( @( @( @, @(#! 

# P
# P
# P
# P
# $# P
%



4$%41-A(@9Q
M@9$RH;'P%

1 #\ ^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__0^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*O__1^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__2^_F*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__3^_F*NQ5V*NQ5HFE*


MK9DIVV'VC6E






MWQ5(D_
NZ=K=H+_2KF.^L6J$N
M87#*2.HVKBJ37?G_ ,G6%S+:7OF33;.YA-'AGNHHVKX49ABJ:Z3YBTC7H#=:
M-?P:E:JQ1KBWD610P[54G%4IUGS_ .4?+]VEAK&NVEA=RHAEE4'Z:G%636=



MQTV9RJ0A:@
 :_RUZ8JR7\B+^;RGYD_



M- ^E

*H/SA9I^8







VW%S^\%?IIBKY93\[-2M_R[3\K1I\T-XCC08_
)6MNMLU(




6@/$#H.N*KL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5?_6^_F*
8C920P-*G;:M<DJ'_YQK:3
M_E97Y_!Z$?XA<HPZ%?6EQ5J255_YRR1#O)^BBE.Q
1K7%53\XZM^?WY1 C8




M
8()'53W*J2




M54AD*1_\*


'FV9;:R2/[0#U!

M76GZHQ/J7%FXC



1%WD^)^+4:N^*O.XO*/
MYG?G)YIT'6?STJ'RSY5\MW N+;2.0+O+N!7[/CX8J]._,'\U(/S \H+Y+8




ML:D8JOQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*

M8JX@'J :=
5=0'J*XJWBK5!X8JZ@\
5=0#H
5;Q5V*NH*UIN.AQ5J@ZT%?'%

MNH-MAMTQ5ID1A1E##K0BN*M\5_E'W8JZ@&P&PZ#%74&VPVZ8JXT[BN*M?#X8
MJZH\
5:(0BA4$=*4Q5U$  XBB]!3IBJ[BHKL/BZ^^*MXJ[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7__1^_F*

M+O0'B/ FF*J@-:[=
5;Q5V*NQ5V*NQ58[J@+





MTZU-*8J]?\ +/YM^4_,_DZ?SQ:W#6VAVZEI9I_AI3%6:-_SDQY$U;5;73F


MZK..1T^T :1!XMBK+O(/GS3_ 

@XTW\-ZXJ\\\[


578J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J_P#_TOOYBKL5=BKL58[YIO=0T[0]1OM*

MUH:&J[[FGMBKZ-\W_G%^8&DZW?:;Y
59?


.KWT(U7
M@@6.66OQ^V^*O3_ ,[O+'E_3?R1MWL;2V2?1A9-H]Y$H#(RLO CQ(Q5[)Y



M=_GN\T[3Y]*CUWAEDT^Z0QNK#U2R'H=\523_G(*^OORG_

(HO/\

ML***!WIOBJ[%78J[%78J[%4OU-+5K&Z^N@&T$3_6.7V0E/B)^C%7YR6]W^8L
M%_\ F+'^3$8N?)?JLDDT@K20@^MZ1H:4:O3%7H6EMY=7_G&/S$OEH.)50_I_

M



!39A.O'AP_P!E




M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7






_


MB^R\O[T??N

7ER9PM[Y?U6Z6Y@.Q7G*Y!_#%4J_)E3KWYV


M&7TJJ%WY?+%5#\K/REU;\O\ S1YT\Q:AK_Z6MO
D_J6MK\1


+R]/Y=U=#

5?/
7_./GG[5?T=H/F[SZVI^3]'E4P6(KRE12**U1
M[8J]'\\^0?/=W'I _+SS;_A2STRV^IR6A4D
JT5311X#%4I_+G\CKCR]YC;S
@Q5ZU^6'Y<_F


[X
MJ\*\R_D/YGM_
^J^8_RW\VGRV/
'PZY8T/!F( +K0=:#%7KGY6?EKIOY;Z&^



M
57XJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J__UOOYBKL5=BKL5:H*@TW'0XJ[B.E
5=Q6@%!0=

V*M<5)!XBH-0?


M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%7__7^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*O__0^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__1^_F*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*M5&*MUKBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BJUB!U-*]
5:J

M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5_







.#.H)4=

6AZZAD
MTC5+?4$%=X'#]/EBJ;\Q[]*UQ5*(?
.C7%Y)IT.H0R7\*AIK

#(@)I\2]1B

X\W:9!/&:21/<(I'8BNV*LCTG7=(UVW-UH^H0
MZE; T]:!PZU^8Q5'374%M%+/<2+##*R2.:*!XUQ5A@_

M$?





M1
&:(FHHX'3IBJ:%U!X[D]Z8JWR!Z;]CBKN:T)KL#0G%6BZBN]2-Z#KBK88&



MJ)?^!K7%60EQ0&A()IL



%O.5$
SL K%OLT/OBJ-25)!R2K+M1




BCQ/



MNKN1X8JWBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK



M&WUC4]/#/=VL9(:

?A_'%

M2)%YD\S66C.P+-%

ML-L58G%^?WY13ZD-

M(
(P\A2)F#1.Y*TKV%<5??7FGSCY7\EVA
MNO


58_/^;OY

M


5?
G_.2?^\GD/\ [;]M_P G8\5?25M_
MO/;?ZH_5BJ\@L%+'BRFIIX8J\A_
7\HM$_
UWS+^?7F;S!JPD@BURV-W;V;$\1&Q


+
M*1AOOL*8J^1_R

MOO;VKQZ;H=DI:669W8@ =R:XJQS2_P \?RKU2^_1UCYPT^:^D;BD7)Z

I;:<D?-YC01HO\ -7KOBKSG2_SG_+36=670])\X6-Q?

58AK?_..&DQ^2X/

M





MKJ

ME_Y;_+N^FTN=K6]U%XK43+UC$QXU_'%7F7EK_G%GR;JWEK1]0U/4]2N];O[5
M+J36EF?DDDH#T'Q@;5\





M[]
5?37Y)^:Y_-WD'0M0NBTM];0_5[^0G[4B 5_7BKV$?$.-0-L5?+/_.3


LGHJGQDL/GXXJ^
MK?R]\[^6?.FCV\WES5%U V$
-O=.H/PN(Q4&HQ5B7_.1?-?RC\TN.0D2!:2(
M:$;^(Q5/OR8);\L/)+LS

/S7^3_[


:P







M(?D'SQH&JWQ\U:(;R\G]1C]8Y
O-6!:G0G%7US^6_F ^;/)'EG7'-)[VRA
MFN%KT=E!(.*L]'4XJWBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK


S/
\=U(W^YFVN)


\MC^9/F474I5M9L;B6
D_::)







M:'J-W)=7&G2'_2)35VC2@05_U:8TK/\ \CEY_P#.37G^IW
C.GL!3;&E:\[P
M7'YX_P#.0\GDN_NIAY;T




MB\T:+/+;^9$L1=7\A-/4A*\BAVZ;C%4?_P X[K7_ )QP_-!G%7DO)#*?$^D@

MY
:='GF9K/37-YY'%B

*OI*V_WGMO]4?J
OCDJ5X%Y


MSCKY5U*[N)9X!+!!YAN8@=X/445/?OOC2OH3\N_RS_*B\T7RSYCT'0[*2YMH

M

MS)K
UW]5E4_%$P2G$#L2
51OYN?DY^6\'D'6]1T#1;'1]5\N64UY87=LP61?
M20L*CD37;%6/ZMK=WYE_YQ1FU?4)?4F?3V1Y_P!IA$WI@G[LE2IY_P XY_DW


51OY

MA$9Z*AD8*1\^.-*PK\NK?5-9NOSO_


M5G:QK':KV55% OT8J^7_ /G+S3Y&\@:/K$/P3Z+K%O.TB]50!J[_ $Y(*DGY
MNWT7F[4_R;\L0?O/T]


M5TI_\(:]YDO8^5[YHU26[#-U
50H'WKBKV;\T?)$/GSR?K6A%56XN(*V4IZI

ML581Q1R

ST'\O+!BVJ^;;R.*6)


M2FW
5ZUIBKV7S1Y1T'S78PZ;YCM$U#3HF]:2&3[)X]F]L*OE7_G(#\L_(OES
MR5)YR\DV-EHVN^5Y(IHGLW =UYJO @
?YL-*B/SLU.36_P E/)&JW#-]8U&7

M



OS5



M\Y6W;..7Z*T[]P3OPKZ@-




'=C[$ C%7F/D;0;?RY_SDC%HMJBI!




K=B!$@)!^C 59__ 
X.-#_@WS'!4)-#=OZG
M+JJ5/$XE7F]M)'-_SF1J




M?0(X8IDIN6B'PBG?;IA5\[?\X[G_ *QO_

#3KJ
M\JL







I'I&[!$AV4AN
B_G)K[_EA^7%OIGEA!IU
MS=31:9HI38('95)-*;T8XJ\<\R_D9J%G^5NO^8]5\Z:S=:\-)N+R]!NI!!(#
M&6,9C)(IVQ5VJ/^</UBX[-:S(-Z]9B<DKZB_)E?^08^3RMOZ.5 0=J5.)








HO

Z:]J&M1-BD!BXT(-=W:O3%7TR5K7N'%*
M8J\#_/SR3Y?U[\N?
E[J-E;_3+22ZL[Q5R!XQ\-#UR051_YQ\\PW-Y^3NA

M(Y 'IL1B59+_ 



PX-12
MU.M!7%7Q/_SD%Y)/DO6M&_./RI73[W3[N)?
$
7P+-'(X'Q =:U.*LA_.3\Q

MH7ERJ0RWEO.[LC
70'8G85QM4^_-(?\ 6/\ ^79Y@(6L3*_^5ZB4I].*IQ_S
MD35ORB_+I1\3-J6DJ/F5R*OK[1#_ +B-*Z_[Q0?A&N*O(O\ G(NA_*+S6:T!

M4W.J74#$
T*EE(JI%-P
(5Y%^=OY1IY%T_RKJ-OYEU74$EU6W6YMKBY=T)]1









MBK%9/S2\J1?GCYAU_P X2S0)Y9@6TT6


/Y0NK I-J\+ =RI5S4# %



M1I;WUSI8$
\
6!Q1E9U!
MWP*^=/\ G-+R-K6O7WE;5M$TN34)51X;HQ*2:%^]/EA5'_F1^6M\W_.
?ES3
MK?2WEU?3(8YI+1%^

M@*IL?GBJ2_D9YZ_-W7/S




M\RZ%H'E6;6;'5YGBM@0WILBEN+UH?'%45^7/DSSQI?\ SD+%JGF'2Y@UVZSW



M4M\MM?(UU*BDA &4U-



2XH?^<A]:F_PY:6^AK81?5)OJZ
.KN?@/'8]
59EYR_.SS+Y3UW4=%MO
MR[U345B6FGWL

N
MU!0_#DE2S7?SV_
/5+&_\NZ)^6NH)YAE#6KW#*WIQJYX\P?I\

_
MD#RQ
NJ
[Z]KTIO=8

\R6\
+7
LMFZ111_:-1

'U(DJ.3@#V.*L)\



M#U!$2@C%7C__ #D-Y)U;SGY&*Z#%]8U?1;F.^LK;_?AB=6*CZ%Q5XCJ_YB^=






M*N_YRW\A:MKWFC\OM1T:QDNTO9_JE^T8)XQU0#E3YG %?1OG?R'+YC_*&Y\G

M_'7W!/;%6:_\XM:-K&B^3-7M-9L9[6]_2ES*8Y*BKEJDCVKBKQ?\]_)
VI_G
M[Y.%G)Q'F22']*6@Z%8@J[CZ

O7O-GE



58U/^9/

MGR_I4&^5[

P-/?%7N?E[0=1OOR'M- 2W
&I3:0\7HN*
'^(TP*\K_Y


M(U]I4.H.JZKJ=R&58XSLXKOXY(*SG\U]-UC\M_R

M0'XW.V_B

MZ





MG/\ EMKEMY7\B:GY7M3J6J_EP\

M;I/D^]TU5BB?4I)E;XRCJK(HW[BN*LE_

M2%74[CZ





+*=S3PVQ5


#X&N*H?\F-

Z
MCOBKZV\]6CMY#\RV5M$7KI5Q#% HW8F
3KS
M3+^62&W\P:LX81E$(5VKX-OA5]6W[7?Y9^0;?]:*^MSZ/;1H]C#7D2J@%@!


M2%) IJ ZAJ??BK;00.O!XD9*4X$ K3Y=

54TM+6)F
M:.WCC9OM
J@$_2
;5SVEK(:O;QN3^TR@G[R
55$ACCA$A1Q4#H!X8JL^JV

M$:


C2FWC





M:-3






'J%4*
FE. H10BFU/EBJDEI:QMR2VB1OYE0 _@



M=E+ !J;TQ5:\$

2!@=R#N#BJR.VMXB3%!'
M$3U**%_4,55J#PQ5O%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J__]#[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78JL9:LIH!7<XJL]
FI(6I\?#%5X#?#T%/M8JY%X\A3
MJ:UQ5?BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL56.O+QJ*T^G%5.CCX OP@
MBA\?'%5?%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7

578J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78JH&-B03UKS!_#%6_WE2W'IT7Q]\5=PJI

M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O_]'[^8J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J__]+[^8J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J__]/[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J__]3[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J__]7[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
IJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J__]D!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
Apr. 14
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015













 INC.



























  2015


































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



761
581

































































954
266







If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











951


690







500












351


190





000





Property and equipment
 net $5
617 and $1
471 depreciation

821


966



Web Development Costs
 net $73
833 and $11
250 amortization

329


912





501


068












631


639





942


676





307







900







587
780


315












000


000





987
780


315

















Common stock - 200
000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 112
761
581 and 104
019
196 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively

762


019





000







966
288


536
221





718
329)


740
487)





577
279)


247)





501


068




































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 and other costs not separately disclosed in the balance sheet that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered.

























































For an unclassified balance sheet
 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The aggregate of all deposit liabilities held by the entity
 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.




























The capitalized costs incurred (excluded from amortization)
 as of the date of the balance sheet
 to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting
 treating
 gathering and storing the oil and gas.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 shares issued

761
581


019
196



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

761
581


019
196





617


471





833


250






























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































The cumulative amount of depreciation (related to long-lived
 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











393














582
021


144
567





000


500





993


675
500





830
124


836
500





172


226





000


000





780


522





215
090


998
815





201
697)


988
767)












776
145)







977
842)


998
838)












977
842)


998
838)





987
931


311
989


































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations (before interest income and interest expense) attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before interest income
 interest expense
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.

























































Amount of litigation expense
 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.




















































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balance
 at Dec. 31
 2013

500
000


500


419


000)


649)


730)



Common stock sold
 net offering costs

284
000


284


046
466






054
750





000




025






000





650
000


650


350






000





730
000


730


770






500





250
000


250


295
250






296
500









599
000






599
000









000






000









000)






000)





800



















500)






000)





675
604)


676)


676
































000




000



Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2014









998
838)


739
838)



Balance: at Dec. 31
 2014

019
196


019


536
221




740
487)


247)



Common stock sold
 net offering costs.

781
285


782


718






500









156






156









709
170






709
170





549
000


549


385






934





000















000




800


000




000





000
000


000


281
500






282
500





440
000


440


360






800





000




900






000





600
000


600


400






000





000













Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2015









977
842)


977
842)



Balance; at Dec. 31
 2015

761
581


762


966
288


000


718
329)


577
279)




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Common stock sold
 net offering costs




























Common stock sold
 net offering costs
















































































































































Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2014




























Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2015




































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











977
872)


998
838)












145


471





583


250



Amortization of debt discounts.


832









722





000


500





282
500


296
500





800







000









599
000







000












156





Warrants issued in conjunction with debt agreements.


702
272



















Prepaid expenses.


500


500)



Web development costs.


000





Accounts receivable.









992


909





266


676





485
446)


537
239)














437)







162)







722)







321)










Proceeds from sale of common stock
 net of offering costs

500


054
750







500)







000





900







112
407







100)









000)





487
707


074
250





261


690



Cash
 Beginning of Period

690





Cash
 End of Period

951


690



































000







000





000







934







898









676





450


200







000

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Warrants issued in conjunction with debt agreements.





























Web development costs.





























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.





















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.





















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the obligations due for goods and services provided by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries
 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The other noncash expense
 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives.

























































The cash outflow associated with the development
 modification or acquisition of software programs or applications for internal use (that is
 not to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization.



















































































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Northsight Capital Inc. (&#147;Northsight&#148; or &#147;the Company&#148;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 21
 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company.&nbsp; &nbsp;John Venners
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 is our EVP
 Operations
The Company&#146;s principal business is to provide a wide variety of online directories for a broad range of businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products. The following constitute the Company&#146;s major product categories: a monthly listing in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories
 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#146;s exclusive use.



































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include
 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
Receivables are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company considers the following factors when evaluating the collectability of specific receivable balances: credit-worthiness of the debtor
 past transaction history with the debtor
 current economic industry trends
 and changes in debtor payment terms. If the financial condition of the Company&#146;s debtors were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
At December 31
 2015 the Company has determined that all receivable balances are fully collectible and
 accordingly
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
Furniture
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company did not find any impairment of long-lived asset during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31
Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#146;s distributors
Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $81
568 and $25
909 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
The fair values of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &nbsp;In regards to legal costs
The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
At December 31
 2015
 the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate 11
105
285 shares of common stock.&nbsp; The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
Management believes the impact of recently issued standards and updates
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows upon adoption.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The Company has accumulated losses of $18
718
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company has (i) raised approximately $465
000 in capital through the sale of its common stock
 $80
000 in debt proceeds
 and received $939
307 in net advances from related parties under a secured promissory note and an additional $3
000 in unsecured advances from related parties.&nbsp; Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
In the event the Company does not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of its common stock or from debt financing
 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







In accordance with ASC 350-50
 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company capitalized $0 and $339
162
 respectively
 towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &#147;yellow pages.&#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $79
205 and $113
934 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
The Company amortizes web development costs over their related useful lives (approximately 1 to 5 years)
 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $62
583 and $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
As of December 31
As of December 31
327
339
(16
(62
(11
249
327
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company capitalized $353
722 incurred in connection with the purchase of rights for certain internet domain names. Domain name assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable
 or at least annually. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. Due to the uncertainty of Company&#146;s ability to generate future cash flows through the rental of its domain names
 the Company recorded full impairment charges of $353
722
 which is included in general and administrative expenses
 related to these assets during the year ended December 31
 2014. The Company does not have any intangible assets not subject to amortization at December 31
 2015 or 2014.



































The entire disclosure for research
 development
 and computer software activities
 including contracts and arrangements to be performed for others and with federal government. Includes costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility and in-process research and development acquired in a business combination consummated during the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
10
12
10
12
(4
(1
6
10
The Company records depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the related asset (approximately 3 years). The Company recorded depreciation expense of $4
145 and $1
471 during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







At December 31
 2015
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $173
86
Former parent company
31
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
53
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
3
173
942



































The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







On May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &#147;Park&#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward.&nbsp; Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
On September 30
 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral.&nbsp; Repayment terms remain the same
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 Park advanced an aggregate of $1
109
407 to the Company for short-term capital needs
 of which $170
100 was repaid.&nbsp; At December 31
 2015
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $949
307. &nbsp;Due to the on demand nature of this amount
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s balance for these advances for the year ended December 31
Amount due - December 31
10
1
109
(170
Balance due&#150; December 31
949
On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid.&nbsp; The Company subsequently recaptured all previously recorded interest expense related to the note.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900.&nbsp; The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually.&nbsp; In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898.&nbsp; The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans.&nbsp; As of December 31
On August 10
 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each).&nbsp; The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually.&nbsp; As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918.&nbsp; The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). &nbsp;As of December 31
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s notes payable for the year ended December 31
Balance &#150; December 31
79
(71
71
Balance &#150; December 31
79
900













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Between January 5 and October 26
 2015
 the Company sold 2
781
285 shares of its common stock for $484
500 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&#146;s fees of $34
950
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $18
500 in cash
 $16
450 through the issuance of 69
On February 12
 2015
 the Company issued 3
000 shares of its common stock valued at $750 as an advertising incentive
Between July 1 and August 10
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
549
000 shares of its common stock valued at $64
Between August 20 and November 30
 2015
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
440
000 shares of its common stock valued at $502
On January 1 and April 1
 2015
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of common stock valued at $252
500 and $230
000
 respectively
 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher
On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 to its then Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo
 pursuant to his employment letter.&nbsp; Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed in which he agreed to return 500
000 of these shares to the Company.&nbsp; The Company subsequently received the shares on November 19
On July 1
 2015
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of its common stock valued at $131
000 as consideration for an exclusive option to acquire the web portal LaMarihuana.com
On September 16
 2015
 in conjunction with John Bluher&#146;s resignation as President
 the Company issued 1
600
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $208
000
On October 9
 2015
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of common stock valued at $20
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 without admitting any responsibility
 the Company agreed in principle to issue 400
000 shares of common stock valued at $62
000 as settlement of legal proceedings
 the value of which is included in Subscription payable on the Company&#146;s Balance Sheet at December 31
 2015
 pending execution of a definitive agreement.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







On May 15
 2015
 the Company entered into an agreement to grant a warrant good for two years to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s stock at $0.05 per share in conjunction with a sixty-day loan taken out by the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 with an initial term of sixty days with an automatic thirty-day extension
 if not paid in full by the maturity date.&nbsp; The Company had agreed that
 if the note were automatically extended
 it would grant an additional warrant to purchase 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s stock (on the same terms as the original warrant) as consideration for the extension.&nbsp; On July 15
 2015
 the Company issued an additional 1
000
000 warrants in consideration for the thirty-day extension.&nbsp; On August 5
 2015
 October 3
 2015 and December 5
 2015 the Company issued three additional warrants
 respectively
 to purchase 2
000
000 shares of common stock
On July 1
 2015
 the Company issued three year warrants to purchase 100
Between September 29
 2015 and October 27
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to purchase an aggregate 1
130
285 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 at an exercise price of $0.25 per share
On October 21
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract.&nbsp; These warrants were valued at $32
On December 31
 2015
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $19
A summary of the Company&#146;s warrant activity for the year ended December 31
Outstanding &#150; December 31
11
105
Balance as December 31
11
185
The Company&#146;s outstanding warrants at December 31
11
185
11
185
270
The weighted average fair value per warrant issued during the year end December 31
 2015 was $0.36.



































The entire disclosure for standard and extended product warranties and other product guarantee contracts
 including a tabular reconciliation of the changes in the guarantor's aggregate product warranty liability for the reporting period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







In May 2014
 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to pay the seller $9
500 per month for a period of 12 months
 for consulting services to be provided. This agreement also requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
On August 7
 2015
 Lee Ori (Plaintiff) instituted a legal action in Missouri against us
 Wealthcorp
 LLC
 Winterwalk Capital
 LLC
 Christopher S. Walkup (Walkup)
 Marshall P. Winters and Paradigm Healthcare Solutions
 LLC. The complaint alleged that (i) Walkup represented to the Plaintiff that he had the right to subscribe to shares of our common stock at a per share price of $.25 and (ii) that Walkup was the Company&#146;s agent and individually and in such alleged agency capacity offered to sell Plaintiff an aggregate of 1
075
000 shares of company common stock for a total purchase price of $425
000. The Complaint alleges that we are liable to the Plaintiff for the acts and omissions of Walkup
 based on the allegation that he was our agent. &nbsp;The complaint seeks from us and Walkup (1) 1
075
000 shares of our common stock and (2) money damages in the amount of $425
Without admitting any responsibility
 the Company and the Plaintiff agreed in principle to settle the matter.&nbsp; Under the settlement
 the Company agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at $62
000 to the Plaintiff as consideration for the settlement. These shares had not been issued as of the date of these financial statements. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue an additional 275
000 shares as liquidated damages if it breaches a certain material&nbsp;representation to be included in the settlement agreement.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







On August 13
 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company called for the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
On July 15
 2015
 the Company appointed William Lupo
 Jr. as its CEO
 and entered into an employment agreement for a 2 year term (renewable by agreement)
 which provided for compensation aggregating six million shares of the Company&#146;s restricted common stock (one million upon signing and five million issuable in eight quarterly installments of 625
000 shares over the next two years). Upon Mr. Lupo&#146;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 Mr. Lupo agreed to return to the Company 500
000 of the 1
000
The activity of restricted stock granted to employees pursuant to employment agreements for the year ended December 31
Shares unvested &#150; December 31
500
6
000
(1
500
500
(5
500
Shares unvested &#150; December 31
On October 21
 2015
 the Company appointed John B. Hollister as its interim CEO
 and entered into an agreement which provides as part of his compensation package for warrants to purchase an aggregate five million shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.09 per share.&nbsp; The warrants are issuable as follows: 500
000 warrants within 5 business days of signing and 4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments of 375
000
 commencing December 31
 2015
The activity of restricted stock granted to employees pursuant to employment agreements for the year ended December 31
Warrants unvested &#150; December 31
875
Warrants outstanding &#150; December 31
875
000



































The entire disclosure for accounts comprising shareholders' equity
 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income
 and compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 and employee stock purchase plan details.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss for the period by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss for the period by the weighted average shares of common stock
 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the &#147;treasury stock&#148; method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding option and warrant contracts. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company reflected a net loss
 and the effect of considering any common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
Year Ended December 31
11
105
11
105
285













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







At December 31
 2015 and 2014
&nbsp;the Company had net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $4
333
812 and $2
327
000
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. &nbsp;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
The deferred tax asset at December 31
(4
333
(2
327
(34% Federal
(7
668
(4
400
5
270
2
914
415
382
61
5
144
144
1
775
953
The Company has taken a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately $1
775
000 and $953
000 at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &nbsp;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $822
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
(3
268
(4
096
2
355
2
914
33
382
56
5
144
822
649
504



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Effective May 2
 2014
 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Kae Park (the &#147;Seller&#148;)
 who became a related party upon the closing of the acquisition
 which occurred on June 23
Under this agreement
 the Company agreed to acquire approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which
(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Issued to the Seller a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the Company was required to pay the remaining balance of $400
000 in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Is obligated to pay a monthly royalty to the Seller equal to the product of (i) six percent (6%) and (ii) the excess of the Company&#146;s gross monthly revenue over $150
000 (&#147;Royalty Payment&#148;). The Royalty Payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company has gross revenues in excess of $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated the promissory note to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014
 at which point such $100
In addition
 the Seller was required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve-month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company was required to pay the Seller $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo Inc
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Currently
 the Company is renting approximately 6
100 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis. The monthly rent for this facility is $11
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $139
500
 as follows $103
000 for rent &nbsp;&nbsp;and $36
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 a significant shareholder
 Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer
 advanced an aggregate of $1
109
407 to the Company for short-term capital needs
 of which $170
100 was repaid.&nbsp; The advances are non-interest bearing and secured by all assets of the Company.&nbsp; At December 31
 2015
 the Company had a note payable for these advances to Ms. Park/Mr. Baer of $949
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company incurred expenses of $135
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer.&nbsp; During this same period
 the Company made payments to Mr. Baer of $44
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 one of the Company&#146;s directors
 John Venners
 advanced $3
000 to the Company for short-term capital needs.&nbsp; The advance is non-interest bearing and payable on demand.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Since December 31
 2015
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 made additional unsecured advances to the Company of $125
000
 and have received repayments on their secured note of $63
000 leaving a balance due of $1
011
307 at April 14
 2015. The advances are non-interest bearing with $886
On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
On February 29
 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&#147;TW&#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company will develop an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. &nbsp;The Company and TW own 60% and 40%
 respectively
 of equity of the joint venture company. &nbsp;Under the joint venture agreement
The Company will contribute the URL www.jointlovers.com to the joint venture entity
TW will contribute up to $100
000 towards the development of the online web portal
 in exchange for 40% of the joint venture company. The estimated $100
000 will be paid in three monthly installments commencing on or about March 2
To share revenue from the joint venture company and apply a portion of any remaining joint venture company operating income to repay principal and income due under the convertible notes referenced below (up to $500
TW will purchase an aggregate of $150
000 in principal amount of convertible notes
 convertible into shares of Company common stock at a conversion price of $.20 per share. The Notes will be purchased in three equal monthly tranches of $50
000
 the first of which was purchased February 29
 2016. In addition to repayment of principal
 if the joint venture company has revenues
Each Party will issue the other party a warrant to purchase 4.9% of its common stock. The warrant to purchase TW stock will have an exercise price of $.02 per share
 and the warrant to purchase Company common stock will have an exercise price of $.08 per share. The warrants will have a three-year term and a cashless exercise right. TW files reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and its common stock is quoted in the OTC market.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015












The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include
 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.









The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.




The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.




Receivables are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company considers the following factors when evaluating the collectability of specific receivable balances: credit-worthiness of the debtor
 past transaction history with the debtor
 current economic industry trends
 and changes in debtor payment terms. If the financial condition of the Company&#146;s debtors were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
At December 31
 2015 the Company has determined that all receivable balances are fully collectible and
 accordingly
 no allowance for doubtful accounts has been recorded.









Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
Furniture
 fixtures and equipment




Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company did not find any impairment of long-lived asset during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31
 2014.




Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#146;s distributors
Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. 




Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $81
568 and $25
909 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 respectively




Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.




The fair values of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2015 and 2014.




The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &nbsp;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.




The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
At December 31
 2015
 the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate 11
105
285 shares of common stock.&nbsp; The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.




Management believes the impact of recently issued standards and updates
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows upon adoption.



































Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Risk and Uncertainties
 during the indicated time period.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies
 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for measuring the fair value of assets or liabilities that relate to the transferor's continuing involvement (including interests that continue to be held by the transferor and servicing assets or servicing liabilities)
 if any
 and servicing assets or servicing liabilities
 if any
 including the methodology (whether quoted or market prices
 prices based on sales of similar assets and liabilities
 or prices based on valuation techniques) used in determining their fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Furniture
 fixtures and equipment



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







. The Company recorded amortization of $62
583 and $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
As of December 31
As of December 31
327
339
(16
(62
(11
249
327
912













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
10
12
10
12
(4
(1
6
10
966



































Tabular disclosure of public utility physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 deprecation expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $173
86
Former parent company
31
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
53
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
3
173
942













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s balance for these advances for the year ended December 31
Amount due - December 31
10
1
109
(170
Balance due&#150; December 31
949
307



































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s notes payable for the year ended December 31
Balance &#150; December 31
79
(71
71
Balance &#150; December 31
79
900



































Tabular disclosure of short-term debt arrangements (having initial terms of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015












The Company&#146;s outstanding warrants at December 31
11
185
11
185
270
The weighted average fair value per warrant issued during the year end December 31
 2015 was $0.36.
































































Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The activity of restricted stock granted to employees pursuant to employment agreements for the year ended December 31
Shares unvested &#150; December 31
500
6
000
(1
500
500
(5
500
Shares unvested &#150; December 31
 2015




The activity of restricted stock granted to employees pursuant to employment agreements for the year ended December 31
Warrants unvested &#150; December 31
875
Warrants outstanding &#150; December 31
875
000







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedules of Agreements
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedules of Warrants Granted to Employees
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Year Ended December 31
11
105
11
105
285



































Represents the textual narrative disclosure of NET LOSS PER SHARE
 during the indicated time period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The deferred tax asset at December 31
(4
333
(2
327
(34% Federal
(7
668
(4
400
5
270
2
914
415
382
61
5
144
144
1
775
953
328




The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
(3
268
(4
096
2
355
2
914
33
382
56
5
144
822
649
504



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















500





500
000





000












Safe Communications
 Inc acquired company issued and outstanding common stock




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























Furniture
 fixtures and equipment Estimated useful life in years
























722












568


909


























105
285




























































































































Furniture
 fixtures and equipment Estimated useful life in years




















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















718
329





000





000





307





000


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014













162





205


934





583


250







722







722





145


471































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























912


162





000)







583)


250)





329


912









































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























996


437





996


437





145)


471)





821


966









































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















942





476



Kuboo Inc. Former parent company
 significant shareholder Rent

000



John Venners Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc. Consulting fees

466



John Venners Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc. Advances

000





942

































































John Venners Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc. Consulting fees




























Kuboo Inc. Former parent company
 significant shareholder Rent




























Kuboo Inc. Former parent company
 significant shareholder Rent


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Jul. 25
 2014
Jun. 23
 2014

















000


















000









000
000









000









000
















000









000





Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the due



000







000









109
407









100)









307











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 10
 2015
Jul. 01
 2015













900





000














200
000


000





918


016







000














898
























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Balance of Notes Payable
 December 31
 2014






900



Discounts on debt


832)



Amortization of discounts on debt


832








Balance of Notes Payable
 December 31
2015

900




































Balance of Notes Payable
 December 31
 2014




























Balance of Notes Payable
 December 31
2015




























Discounts on debt
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Oct. 26
 2015
Oct. 09
 2015
Sep. 16
 2015
Sep. 15
 2015
Aug. 10
 2015
Jul. 15
 2015
Jul. 01
 2015
Apr. 01
 2015
Feb. 12
 2015





























781
285























500























950























500























450























100







































000






































549
000























934













440
000























800





















Company issued 000 shares to Chief Executive Officer
 John Bluher

















000























500























000





Company issued 000 shares to Chief Executive Officer
 William Lupo













000
000























000



















000





























000























000







in conjunction with John Bluher's resignation as President
 the Company issued shares







600
000























000





















000























000


















































in conjunction with John Bluher's resignation as President
 the Company issued shares



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















000





000










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 05
 2015
Jul. 15
 2015
May. 15
 2015


























000
000







000
000







000
000









































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015


































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Oct. 21
 2015
Sep. 29
 2015
Jul. 01
 2015





















000









130
285





Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO exercise price per share 0.09

000


000







John Hollister
 warrants valued at

906


250






























































































































Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO exercise price per share 0.09









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Outstanding number of warrants December 31
 2014 | shares




Outstanding warrants weigjhted Average exercise price December 31
 2014 | $ / shares






105
285


















Outstanding number of Warrants as December 31
2015 | shares

185
285



Outstanding warrants weigjhted Average exercise price December 31
 2015 | $ / shares




























































































































Outstanding number of Warrants as December 31
2015




























Outstanding number of warrants December 31
 2014




























Outstanding warrants weigjhted Average exercise price December 31
 2014




























Outstanding number of Warrants as December 31
2015





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































185
285




















185
285










000




















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 25
 2015
Jul. 25
 2014
Jun. 23
 2014

















500
000


















000


















000
000









000









000









000


















000









000







000







000


000









500





Company is renting 6
100 square feet of space for monthly rent

500





































































Company is renting 6
100 square feet of space for monthly rent

































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. for a total amount

500



Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. for rent

000



Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. related to its use of certain Kuboo employees.

500





109
407





100





307





000





500





000




































Company for short-term capital needs
 of which has been repaid




























Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. for a total amount




























Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. for rent




























Company incurred expenses payable to Kuboo
 Inc. related to its use of certain Kuboo employees.

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 07
 2015
Jul. 25
 2015
Jun. 23
 2014
May. 31
 2014





















500











000











000









000






















000
000











000











000











000





Shareholder
 Kae Park
 and her spouse Howard Baer (collectively Park)
 under which Park committed to advance the Company a minimum



000











000







Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the due



000





























Under the pledge agreement
 if Park defaults on the repayment of the note























075
000











000











000









Company has agreed to issue 400
000 restricted shares of common stock valued at

000











000























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Shareholder
 Kae Park
 and her spouse Howard Baer (collectively Park)
 under which Park committed to advance the Company a minimum




























Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the due



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 15
 2014
Aug. 31
 2014
Jul. 15
 2014















000









000









000











000





000





































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Shares unvested - December 31
 2014

000





000
000





500
000)





000





500
000)























































































































































Shares unvested - December 31
 2014









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Oct. 21
 2015













000



4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments

000









4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















000



Warrants outstanding - December 31
 2015

000
































































Warrants outstanding - December 31
 2015









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











105
285







105
285












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











333
812


327
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











333
812)


327
008)



(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)








668
510)


400
148)





270
524


914
668





621


027





977


212





913


913





775
475


328




























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











268
362)


096
324)





355
856


914
668





594


027





765


212







913





147


504



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Howard R. Baer
 made additional unsecured advances to the Company

000





000



Balance due on April 14
2015

011
307





307





000





000





000












Balance due on April 14
2015






















































































Represents the monetary amount of Howard R. Baer
 made additional unsecured advances to the Company
 as of the indicated date.





















































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M+GAM;
W:2V[;
! &X*L8VA86S9?Z0)Q-TVT;H+T *XTMP:)(D(SCW+ZDG!2M
MX19)&P/_QK(\Y

6V)VMB[3Q-.;)QP9J4

)T;U;T+
MN^_.[5[S
:%R51UU2Q_RPI&,T])7GR;HY'EU/]5^^E):5V@9Q4LR_X4O0F


@J
M4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(


M3'X

M_ )02P
$%     @ 
8*.2$AJMI
@O06SAZ





@SL/X8(5P[N<Y7$@W$^W'H. Y*V3!'I;
MIYEXA

)E\6SP9?+)&8VCU_7+)-&I]U^
M
)C&5<]ZXR0NN.!+B?!;S-*N\1Z@+<!SQ.+7

19?YS3;&N65FV0O8I(3;E/)3JW.



A20
M=]J2PZIONJ9G812-


ML!E.

+^
K$2K'&F/-
YJ980AMK:;-\L=CAY0D


M3_F6


X;.;F=!PV(VVV9$6A
J=OB K!+BG*R6*^9AH.Q\%-
MH@XV%T7X[JU=C?]P8GAW/C#.S[6]_P%02P
$%     @ 
8*.2 P%OU\_ 0
M:0

V334_#
 R&_PKJO4NS34.*NAX


FJ5[

M=#:Y

EG3%ZR\:3C\-D9_X&
MP[H;XM\Z/AE
VT6%-5RYVZ21:;GI
X$D!.&50V7-5;B$^2%.L+#[_ *!UX
Z

$%     @ 





B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU
M6FD PSA]R1





9:AAOBT


QK!1J\;=8=HTCQZ_@7YG#4*')$;'0)G&[-&






9FV-J/D3@H\W/[O
M#;#Q([A[8N_ 5!+ P04      Q@HY(SCB5]48  !Z@  #0   'AL+W-T
EJ&T8A,-C*H'GH6Y%MV1;HXLER
M9O?73Q?'=@)9T^Z6O.CHTSG?^70DYRBL54?Q0XFQ BVCO(Y@J53UT?/JM,0,
MU7-18:Y7<B$94GHJZ^N)$99;8(8]1:^O_(8(AS&(6_8FJD:I*+A*H++ 0(N
M_DYD.()/%^^_-T+=O@-NG'V8S?RGR]M#_






:((




[+FKBX85:BFVL.Q.ZNO=#Q9;BE6^
M*=L


;:RZ/VQS6\3


3' G\-E]^#F1



M7%R[D?AWUT/F!]-V:F?AAUMD?4(] Q AT3H5S.YWYRT_4H/(_,\@J=- /
M@O@RRG?/B+0QWW0+/SK



M+4T('T!J;B#S!8_2SG7
P$*.


MJ'YA?6UWWX-4P@'F^P0)K]5@SL81F&='4+G_5(D(\)B.X38N9)0&\)0.A\


!_OL$CZCVM_UBYDY

M)4/K@+9$49AE3UY01V](TL3&!;F\_-J
%5JQA?UQB%E?8(I6$_O]V?FPVL






:(NXF-)+Q'J*T6DDM4T$

M=[S#32

3OB
;@U_(\-/
MK&-82(-'TK#Q&1QOC)/V00F#%GVJ=]V-[T%]2:&F^0E0$^!$@-FWA$03DHD


MY$.OA 5)GDLL'8FER4^]$A9D1JH+1Z(P^4ZN


3H@ /



BYX;6R5F%MSFSH4


=
N;A XO;?'W&QL]%L$OH2 _ZV


M)U\/]QO1

M__)#=W*T8A
235!FO\?/O!H^
M+^


4)U(HF218T

'%V4RN(C/\X4(G*-0^4+S^(5]QL:C;W

9)(5N@?+WE4B=
MJ&)^@=
M([=IN2YPFF



0^YOO.




Y
_7
AQ]T

MEFS



M;*-VWZA\W9NJ
J*$I%&5%W6X7/1C+\URH0^F+&KUT@3MH:KRYL^S*O7Q
83P


JRC$



M3&Z8 DY3+OU

N5F]$NN<[CQCA?A9.;XT
=Y



M965T-2YX;6R-F4USXD80AO\*Q9U%W?





.V K\6AZOZ?O'Y4=7&\ADPGQ^SGY75_ZEX_+W^QJ@^3 [ /P%L 1H
!
MJ@]08P-T'Z!_!;C! -
'F%N TH



V'
M$!
3X%+&V5'B8B8N]L0!S_H2\A1[$VF3)'?J+EPZQ 432EA4D(Q HEOG*X


OIC3$A%/AQ@:&I.*D5)[!=YG@'3(=
MP









]M/N8Q9#;(#W^CG(;Y$Z
Q(E!/K(B.4%& U7@H%P&0F$
MH3:)@^..0











SO0&

!]3T=G/7]

4M6],DR2W8^@!-]<BR XU;=T<765#5A/M
M0Y$A'S$#O+#BF16O6O%!%@<V1=5+J#+M8TGFS:33
K
I*J9-$CC38J@F@E5

8FPTO'NPPNJF7:C:$B5MLN!;HC)
FS'

M4+IAV$/UA=F-HK'G23HY:GBC&XE0PQB*I+NAV?G
)&2S+(D:*BOM
'ZB2K;=

M%AL&8]1A;$+.HD\ Y
)[L7
CD(TDLF%(3B:&*22N5\&TG])
UTQ7(H_+/W B
M9Q$A)$*!(91TJ$-(1C13 &6R%==-.Y+\!


M@]


OWE.&4(NITD! $



;0HE!9!BT.I
Q
M!!PY.[5



5%[32OK



M:!1W/C4=LX









Z9
[Y4
YIG.P X

NS[!-37&A:5['V


M_C5.Z]V?N(4'E+]$ZP9O-J.DA8Y/TCWA_ V6$6Z#8(/2QB]I)NM0K11*%'])
MJ]!QG=.?LEAH[Q/RA9!OA

AF%=_MT5.K^GY!3W_/[U8Z45R6'S@\$.!


M+BAPOYSA :0
0K[QZZSYWC(0+^-%_3%.Z]V?N(4'E+]$XWIO-J.D@9:/TCWC




$%     @ 



SH<\GLD;OH'WL$/



M970Q





M8#

\/9'FEY5]0
M2P
$%     @ 

M965T
3


M/(NN=Z' JI*MO$8HT%:@)@;:(WW8'$Y%0$3 +P&3O8I)\'Y&? G)C^9(LV !


ZI3_Y?J9]3
AG0KX2]EDTGAI%




M-:UQW6:_Q0S[6-/A/RE;#/HO'4*-K\RAVO2H
3L0




M_.2F$]J2
SI_LO$86D0'WD1VMZ.D]^]G322T+H3W/C;I2J7$X; \D/655O\



M(*%R08'[Y0CW(&40\HW?)LV/EH%X&L_JCW%:[_[ +=RC_UJUWFS&24U-'R0
M[@7')YA&N R%4H;OZ0:K$
U4RA1_#VM0L=U3'^N)];G^'SYPO^)HN^4Y_H
M\H$[7A8&1V)['HYNM?5P$T2\,K%1S:3AO4_KJ\=R=7-;L&,0FC)LC_#+ CF
1'9Q24GG
MG\^22&A<*]];-*-2HG#?GX?RR
M_P)02P
$%     @ 

ML0


3S


293#!69%

91N[2E:W6]G;=%/)

?


X#B]@9'T/Y/AT9Q
MYU/3



$%     @ 


MC2$+B%










%IHU7

WN%ET?




M%M@E@=U7+2;
\2WF?9-L=:8*3!NOCB45#MJE(UVRR^V\RN-
7N%ET?
6_G+3







32(%IR)Y.J:DLZ]GS61


\
Y9\[X4HQH7FT'X
B;


M1

Q'4\J_^(



THZ_WZ61$+C0OC-QR9=J90X[.<'LKS2\@]02P,$
M%     @ ,8*.2$L33$MQ @  NPD  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M
C



MK-9+:

M\[@+8YT#K6DA-051KRM]HW6MF93RWQOI75



M.&#V$+-Y+K*T1)9S A0[12#&XT^N+)$5(






O
=3TS$[&.!-)G)\BS[P!07FE9EK#V9JL312:'AR1 [*L7-KS-(G$YT









ZI3^[F?8Q(;\0\H7P(XO&4Z-H\YX[7I4&)V(''LYNL_=P$T2\
K%1


:H.-/$6



Z9
[Z4
M$YHGVP


1











J''L;MW2MKK?S/@UG\@DOBX&W\
1U*WI#SFC=R89C


H\(@#\)K.)B?=^1GSQR:_Z2!-O 214UBMPMUS@ :3T
M0J[QZZSYWM(3M_&B_B-,Z]R?N8$'E']%;3MG-J&DAH:/TC[C]!/F$7(O6*$T
MX4NJT5A4X42Q=_B*OJP3O'/_OM

#]



WN%E
? 6?G/=BMZ0


 V#1A^#2''%C


)CXH75C?4)DF=DXI5
@#1

MFUF


M$/BU;#%B3@O



Q+GAM;(54VVZ;

@Z101I*;5M%U
JGJQ


MWOWB9WWB8\ 'KK%:@;KO 
G'LA9_QWTORT]
3U?%;_'D[KTE^H@6?%_[#:
M=BYL@E$-#1VX?5/C#YB.$!)6BIOP1=5@K!(S!2-!/^+(9!C'N)-G$^TV(9T(
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#
R+GAM;(53VVZC


&:K#A2W5]B#]G\:
M-(H[GYJ6V=X KR-)299GV0U37&A:%K'V;

^TBQ8

M=\X/L$TPG40K%#:^758!VJF4*)XF]I%3JN8_J3[R?:UX1\(N0+89]%XZE1

K_9%^P2A9,HIS6F,V
]P&X6V6!W=K^W:<1$^:TQN2WV:<F
M;+6GDP;KXXE%0[:I2U=JLOMO
_CF;S#RZ+G+?SBIA7:DC
Z?[+Q&!I$!]Y$

M1]1OI@6PY$
*90ZTM;;?

8.47/\]@L#Q0#=T*KQV36M]@14YFWE5)T&9#A71
M4!_HXV9_S#PB 'YW



T+GAM;(V4S6ZC
!2%7\7B 6J'\).)

M[D]^MS;]@6IXD/P?JTQCPY((55#3



%C/




MIX)#;=PTMW


U+GAM;(U5RXZ;


K%S_/.]:4'7.


+NM7\A?0_\)!#* E/I&;J
MZYQNC)-F#'&=!KWIL6K5V.L_B3^$+0? (0!. 3#^
B 8 @(KP-/.5%[?$$=Y

R9V[SE
PLR[2Z(! Q7F


@62?8C 0;3; Q%+39:0ST9A688)UB=2

M:&5E=#
V+GAM;(V4R6[;
!1%?X70!T3S9

MC%

7\WP$(F_:.


MJ(8&GXA\8]



=P8/) @F@TB:Q!M#()MDZE-:6L&



  X!@  &0   'AL






&.PEG
M2D0J.URK

31D&TVF



M
+O6'7=.5
A^I9O+A5)!9#K_1;Z(E;Q&YD5#+D)-8SEGIK.:A:#]=$_
EU7^




M2:(52;0DP9LECM&2)
;18[!)XL@0PM%_X


Y+GAM;)64RXZ;
!B%7P6Q
M[QC

M(:Q*

2$Z2!7^


M 

RE+.Q*K&8PFCC:[7*?JG94
$V*^S#I


M2P
$%     @ 




!/%-
M$+O@#F1C_L *5Z7@(Y #-N\NVNER84RT,Y#63;CN=5I=Z]5DH0EO!JCJ<9)
M#EY-^%4#M?\F))XAB8/$'B2Z;Y#
!JDS2#R#V$^)7$I7T]N:7?TO@^)UUQ

C?GJ\PN8?)-C'Y I
E:?Y





EO@.@=R
MQ.=:O-+^!YEJ0
IP3VL^?#O[

M#+\



J?J: ;QO

]]3FAP0HT3Z)Q1L]4UX7T(
B!(


M972D5!#I!IYDYJ5\4;E-:G(4:AC+
1NO[G$B:'=]$[F]#N7_ 5!+ P04

36;
/,!EVKN].Z_-


?)
RU95H

MR_W
ND-S59  /WD
DRU@
@


Y?#5(RIOB#TA)-^NN_NEV[Y%U!+ P04





M@\^Z:KK58M?W^_
P[%YVJBZZ

ME+5JNE(W0:NVJ\47.'_$9)1

UJ$J]]&.)


#_%8\$57W?0;O+QWO:Z/ED50%Y_SMFRF[6'^)Q/&QAO0&/!D /E?
M0V0

:2^ALP8

M2SC?)=

M




O-QZ Y$/.YL
%V $1\S\6&Y@!T1


#8YKM%.


!3]%8L/B
$#3#5BD#*IJO:A4I2']MD#ET7Q0FTS
MI']?+T @C30\8/MR-NO:%)-4K[H#
.B-
Z'/46?

)85QUPJA_D 
)^::3B

Y1$BV%

'(



O

MNHS 4_16+#XAY-XT(4I-H-+


%C
@5;Z'1
R47

MYG&09OAJA'I

MHW#):)]
C(*?&J4W1NG
*%HRVJ5W5X0G1[
E9_A+Q+EN)#IRI4^Y/9(EYPJT
&ULC939CILP
M&(5?!?$ 8[9 B A2

M7HJ!\7?1 $CODY).'/U&ROZ D+@T0+%X8CUTZDO-.
52#?D5B9X#KHR)$A0%
M08HH;CN_+

O
K$%<3

 0UU
M-U-];I\,.YLGQ[ QRM<_@-02P
$%     @ 
8*.2-W^.Y_S 0  O@4  !D


MP@!^UZ07SMS3V8^


M80X33!PL89Y=#$1?.D U6:P3C76@K1--3
+[ G 4B*T G C

&
M^G/?)Y[YQ!
?N.1SB%V?$ ;1&MTW0C

(M:?2=

*[T5EUV@N3
4-[M A0,!Z_UI5+F(R+


Y#63;CJ=:)2G][*.$Z+\&:
^A@GV4]CT!@1:O=%


HCRY3\IFI
PC13YIXTC9M)@5_$)7\ADE


M@\I.E3/GBN@TX$K_WRO]/1@WE)R5669Z+=R$=!O%VV'@CU^=\C]02P
$%
M  @ 

M2


MVIQKJ3= D8-;7-FTI!




K*L8D



MEYH_D_X[GCS$
N&!U&SX=@X7QDDSA[A.@U[':]4.UW[\)0FG
'M 
 4$MP 0



-$-1 B14$WX#N


Q^/&..&D

$%     @ 



M1@*_


M;;'KPXEVTP3RG0



M^6ZU)_\LY4N[\?VPMMWV'$0F]G7;(FD^7L5.9%G;J3GRGZ'IQS';PNGWL?O7

!0$6H'3NW=7
M+D[J9+

MJLS2Q.Q4)C(Q\93Q?-?$\D3N!^,T[@8A=@HY/53&D = -O;.#W#3RE 5//
M
NRO2



T)T4BL
M(-IDGRHAK7 GT)V4M0^


D+H.6%:-!1%O$'%IBH'4&-
M4F2TX B2^FA 934 .;4 .J2'P;(G-\!G1YHA
(_O^A'AV8$AT@
MYX;+J8
M^^RSTW#WL9G\
 P4C7 $P9WTZ

MWB5=DI/XD92GM*BL9UG7

\B.;QO9.)8MU_#]F+TK^CZ


[]R[RC%\5K1MX


M.CGI(U/[B?-/

MC1_CQ M./.6$_BHGGG!SG)@I/




MUUX8#HJ-J6V6].WK Q!8(6T4+K ]S/]_



E*
NU0@;:+7[
-WL:$!'PQF&PBQ@%







!;<BX767<W1=()H$D0K@?UZD[N0



M BT=B3-


%%6P5J
MEBL4P)@5


$*&H@$



[A#'B*49MW

TE]$B:['

FE]'



'I$=1'CL
M;./A)HAX962CFDG7Y3NSOGHJ\YP7Y!2$)@R+F/LEAEU#5$L$_X(0;^JS:[


;ZOK.-%O.I3@GZLCLVX8S(Y?6Q#@G




MZ




M!T_=X:C




1Y31#$MY&*!5(1(($P$W%(



MVXZ;

I$D^LQYVZ4S-.D51+?@.BYQA5






J6J83I65)



M62W2O(Z2?!J-\SJKGZ*SG$?(BCS:C=[=O(ZVMW;^]*+^YD\O\/^L#^(WA9Y
M_5#!5]-TVGS\.IWL1?O].!KT^L/FP]&RW(OZ!_3PL/GP^U4.7_;7VY8[LOF

=ELF



MT30%XCO)B#(U1WJ?WD6OTX_IO* A #JKNI*!CO;CX_U]&:D?#X:]*%D@5/XM
M.!1OJ.4
99OG67*7S;



ID(X_ &C
LDGF89V0R@K?A0
#=A[W






4#;B34PCWS&2$ H
M)W4T3^[@GQU'0PT)[Q&Q*P?94

M?F(Y#\?EM8
.LBHG#Z$#QA7-YYIQ52UX4X*28!K)&5CCMGPYME[KK 12V4


+:INS%YXH_K2I1'P&)04H&M30#C
[5YN%7_'NDZXJ!DTC6R5Z1D\_3*A




M!$5NM=%.JD50V
:7?





! Y0PF3'O:]Q#GM-_[O5JN_2


T4X<)%?%O+2!7Q8E$]L7Y ;6P+;

0


MT%V!&9:5
U(0.;42K[[!&0!9YW#ZH%ZL D:.FW=OWXZN?R2+]=FW%V=OSDY'
M%[?1Z/3T\MW%[=G%M]'5Y?G9Z=GX)DC0!TC0NX]!-G2B E?HF@69@JZ9[H]E
M'P^HDT2U


G!%^
F6QS.P04:89U/D^ J)8  1%/CJ16(!XK(.9F.7:\]4T!3:T
M@F4 W

M

M-*NC
JL^*+$:QLR 

GTELH*4]6708%$ R8MAP=G:QY Y!
:
M].!T5B?D(*D$?I5! *OE\A+A(@P/F_-1!]E\XST&\K6H^9


V2; YWN


MGJ-X$A?O*W;VE!0&3
/(BG%/Z0S.1A;Y(0+2G:
9%V%:O[!V^I6LJQ3I=5
:O-HRXS+19EE9_7Q138B(8ZIE-M%;.1V1DXMFJ)H9W2U+'LKE(D735*
8I





M


!/)(V4&5@ZD'

N653K08 $HL2+O
M&.R/P*MEG1KB(_;-
[S3#_? DY81&6^M=;^ED;6_W)(WG1T0)@*));/C'4GO
MJV7! 

B9QVY:)I-J5C!EF.5;K



B<N
M-<KRQNH%VX3Q$M5@0P6=5TKV^ULDJD'E%=EI3
,T1@//<K5;MEV4:B(MM)7I;,XWZAZI!1&I=3,_K:;W
MS#I!\BTK_V !D'78!=-;N(HY7;(2(FQJ]RZ5<(78%ZSC!T:UB$)_:5IB&&1
M4\!
@):;YXW?G3PR_WV#8L4/*L'.&/?/+.


M=_P^_52[ME7

ZGR; MDGUB87'!D$TSL:&)5/PY_#EG

:3D7+5?;JM1F
M-JWM:7 8'/80$/2
5VK&/8 SB*:JQPC%0E![)U]CND]!\SLEWI..7D8Y+-
M%5NU@RA4



M4'EYGV?OA8!CS
8&_X._GD$W3GH*XQU]/D30IKR)5BK+%VZCK&$=+CC6I


(^ABRTC.+0

X/_C7+QM
E!%'(BCX8=3



(R._$(VD@Z


MPRL___R4HI449@
='
7PVQ Y(*\






G4^)GB'Z_?C0&N_OUJ?'$#
M$O?U^'QTS]<C0#DND/J(4+J%\S0T<29Z/A\\B!9^9DF;&]M=4BR6QV!/'DP
M


T(


M/$)87#
\IHZBG;%_$@(WL1+_.4FC'S$Q!V#A@Z3?E1B^@7=M7_]V7=Q3X!)Z
M/?!E3

8/8VB:I@L5_6%;J5#[PFQ#BI\%YKO*558=GZHV

E%




KGBCP8P+N+IZ!7D[
A

$#G;<?RO7WRF0T5?!&Q8+8+EFPJ[U12F_5<1;

MO:/[$GWE*OYUN]+%?H Q:?KGOO2(4+6':XPD5G%M*AED0D^RP:8L]VXR9K



M2HN;LNDX(;MR'FT?[1#*S@LB
%)=2$CI8Z'=+%2=0]




H(^NR79;0@20&
MODVMU!IT56L%B6MN1D.C[3-GDW-PK6'K%8Y4JT?J$'

MZ(N/Q IM


=8!

Y]:2
==W,X.^&TWE$B
TF2/
M;
18A)J:!3(1E+QU@WU9@T$ 
2:M3;F1$A$I*9/*?IJ

MT?7UZ
(+^5RC^?=[5#[1^5J[YH(TV=6Q;&J&
3!4-SO1%;2Q
@J+RJ AL0?=


M3M.IJB%


5W8:Z0N4LIS0B9FN53\_P@!E16;

MW 'S


+R@CB?


S6X*BY42


5

JGA:
_UJ--7Z@F!+N6T0O6YJ\9
OGV[=DM]P3#
M(

J\)4%&^(





M8+A^P'(L

ME(UT

N&Z%;-4J!X*
M!-;6FM05B*NG\2@'J.=V36! -
-K)F
V=C 8&BY]VCA^R9E_3*6HDHJD=4]=





Q)T^@-M^0\

\;2
C4(
3
M#S@:*%2KH/KMN'+$=G-MVI*?-E-?Z^H9NSPZH_UZ&8L[<<B
VD+NXT1Q7JK


(]V95G6=916UWJX5IT[4G0:]57)A 07FUJ!@JG 09?BKQD75=$6






M[;)38

M[CK:PGI%ZIZP6-&VNJ?C'8
MM[H3Q


M.NK%P\%!-(A/X%QAF/:OX/JHH=D!B*F'@SY=?6]PM*$WVV$_/CDZPIG@2*P6


M.^W8
WUH5%
)!G\@'R5=#^!(:./^LH\' ^V.U!V=0X=@IZ;YP/BLCE6(^D6N





MBN-0@#HQ!#9^_\VCT$B&:H2A!4/0OB@X2(ZU6?'L7V$[OU'83KPQ;H?K!U*$
MAT



]J+W'+_R

M=(9$BJ^8I*99

M4G7YN
.67QR5#5]2'17=_YB!K!L5.XZM+RJ?&*@\%M\V=/29&4X)RPB\JN




$ B
NO9]7DD=?5PG?$C^HD^_RB?-TP?MZL%X

+


ZX44U=


-R&S%WV]8Z K'*AE9ZU#.0M*79^
MX@90ZX-I*:.!/R)7@)W2T&L&?'$!  UWLFP+^%SK%(YQ5:SJ8^YI:.0626.

&06_S
M^

MDOV3_0-24
74QOOURF.!


LD(]K 2CRDSHW-6
M*M60:DX-8S(6N__79YQJ@&UXH7%C!:@7$T2E(F^'8VNT/;:7/@[5N=5Z1J
MTW/:$R]:!T4$MQC8#Z[!9#M;Y6241)KJ60BN3)$9-APF'#1&]C&IZ*7C?1+3

^]J





W$:
MJ=$3LL4MBRH+2!0CM=)K38(ZO&+]*=#)3JW$YFNN680*HU5




MU)19@Q#J4J4APRX-(8';*F(^*Y (Q:I3.LI3'*##9Y25=E]2$D^4H3%VNI I
MSJ\BU*U^Y@V6A0&0_1(-]D@,.O5M-&)LTL]#E*KT]RZU+)%8'APF*46GL
M?-JJH-:_)^%4VM2Z:3%LM*THE A7@',9\8U/F',069$K;K49 ^7O.!@? _J



[J*9S2[=?K6%ZKI
MK3*XF\2)6&N
4O:)@EG1IX5-HTNL\


#@B1$VQ9

MQ45:OXP^_[?Y/T_?LY9 I;9 2B]YN+6%Z/FDZ5^XDD/4U^:['IH'VXMH\@
M1FT

7FJ]IQEK2?R@.S$


37$7


8!+EO1 \JK.J??3GPK.(H9H[.0!\WD
M9


8GE9SG'


E4Z2#0&]!M'!80^!4\]XI6;< \CDVCZZ.(F*KNA61

MX%#@JK6L3JXK*-D3!BOC&#IJOZT+#?'JKD%,SM6UKS-ZU%3
CDI-?'UJ3


*T81RG!(=!


MW



)@P6-UT


MP*O_.? J KKRQ+]J1V^L';VN='3K73@O!6Y!X1(KM%:)VI%Q IT;)U!GA/J]


M91-%

MYX:\=H_*;)G0CT%L#S9DBKTV
E!'X/AO_3IA.IVC&-HV_.5^[I8N/VWTX?SL


\TPB;U&



M_36\I.?)-JYGL
6UM7[GS2SS^]7<Z*9AQ74__/#<8+:/'VC



#KGW4L?
(
M.]0+MSBM1_RI2*'L/6DV0%B_G=]' X/ 
FW*:D59B%LY*#VWQUCXT!4
M%BW



MF[4IUWY@?&(?VY;+/.I*Z*Z1X5L%JK8/VH#SE6DBY'P:^TY
3S -QOMX&DLS

W#WDGX


M=53T


JM^PJ).\EK=$R
MS@+4]ZV??P'U=YQQ=BC' E68Y=PJ.+1V;;]@G
8J



S2I6
M;
PSM:*9YFE=^T#@GQNGXRL[L.YM@_6;5K[X+%%?#@H]YWN739 $DJV765J_


NR&M
MKC7 ::26B1QW2JC:NRMG!X6# 
?PQE2
S&\RITP54ZI7C
5W
6GQ5Y[C)ONT







[G[.7]#ZN6WP
-C<%Q7!%(@JX4!46KH^)1X?5]P16_A<6(TU;Y27HG_=.



DPFGE
_(6DZEQ$#P-+MJ-M@-G[@R4CG[L64)

#.]Q7S6.
M0X:U4VUA].]'=X!LV

+_.OX?N^53U0RK\6RW=U[G387


M@
TDB;=.B3@&


MS55
VN


12:VH=;#9;_S71V @'9Z\N0!=_.^?
_U
MP

K0A
IY]DB=)I@(-?'YWBR@'!T/2R+(E:1?U
Q2F^R
MA T']1

[%    *P(   L
M     ( !/@(  %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L! A0#%     @ ,8*.2$AJMI,? @
MER4  !H              ( !+ ,  'AL+U]R96QS+W=O<FMB;V]K+GAM;YR
M96QS4$L! A0#%     @ 



*!0  @A,   \              ( !XA,  'AL+W=O<FMB;V]K+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( #&CDCFN;B7FP(  .8)   8                9D9  !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      Q@HY(_.88;:D#






M
8*.2

M='

4
M      Q@HY(T_7RAJ$!  Q P  &               @ $]


8*.2-0@J2FB 0  L0




M 0  L0


M
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      Q@HY(M;;P:$!  Q P  &0




4      Q@HY('TY)2*$!  Q P  &0              @ &1

4




8*.
M2.3GE!2G 0  L0

O

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      Q@HY(.2F#A:X!   6!   &0

S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0


M

M






M%     @ 
8*.2
HAT49P @  &@D  !D              ( !RW
  'AL+W=O


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      Q@HY('^HX4C\  






8*.2 DR8L[9 0  D04  !D





8*.2-%??FX+ @  5P8  !D              ( !


YX;6Q02P$% 

P(  /T&   9
I   'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 
H*.2/&H&&RH
M 0  ]P


M-BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      R@HY(V#(O


4


4      R@HY([T$


end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001078782-16-002642-xbrl.zip


M^X4)S_&'TKO]ZR\R](]ZO7;_J/[+__OM/__R7T='[%SX)RX/XI =
?E)NH)=









\$:TI4_P8((%GQV!7[ 2( 5VED8

M#239Z.-'
8@^RM#Q8R^Z#
1$QI



L1=SYSGKAI]=Y#




\MM3
MP#8?\6NTFMTMX;

M?!D'SABD\6+TT9]PZ5V)6YV3MWDBA+;42X?\[?'SY@A)IT4AO;5F7R%(9]Z=

MVTY 6(:!%;




M@Z17/1



ZF4Y.-@8%7&H\^
;23)7&-$3T;1-V

AWPYN!(?M






2G

M]4AG_HB=BSL^Y
SWV!?^P!KU@.+UZL!/@%_E6'[Z[YB(:? .LZ*BV[HH'T


:I=1VH2'(3


M9P(O^L$#\\!U-I2;!D!/.04FX1

T*B ?TQ0$[_==EA:4]X8AG&$5QD;3P
MP







CT:@[Y7C26X;





X;QX _#

Y
M&EG*&AAXT
=ND





Q'X*:G1M&F2]8K;)E
MVKO3UDX


HDP(:\0I_

M/1X-*#5I KIB )-@D J\+2OX^(8DB(V+D7RI$GP$ W/X$)4^
#WP]U2%79

-DPC[@H8&@I0(@#QZ*J(/TV-(45%6(+
M


+'$E*00H9)ZE'??Q(!9U1J

MI8JDWV+6A75@H7KCE*:0X58DO0N;C(1UC4B5?5SV
T8C
-) MROA[PR;]2'0

$Z586\G&2A8R044'BD4AUHWXW1Z*)I.


N4\\L4-T1SO]S+8336W[6[K_6W]H+IB??M;K7^

_1B5*ZX($?P88B#[)Z'F0:&O76

)F%T8&9^=
VO WCK%OQH;XC+\H/WM%-6


MK;5SR;@\86
5Z18*5S-7[)];N*KUA([-;K6[_X3




R@\L(\3'#4%3&.;DYL589Q'?BD[$3



ME


)KZKXH8R066$T&)4:J_#*5&T3N4Q:+2LY!S

5*

MY+TIMPN'L7/E7*NIYDR6O6$E'3+%W$?(/X=Y5M'2D7G\PREH(D 9HP$Z%9

XG/8X+4%:9CR!=[S

^$(YTJJ/

O



C]A?%SU]P613'M+G*6]
M);*6=)  L

[
MOCYA-_X4O



N*Y\T^=?%'A)X3[S5*])

6*.MAE!L)?)T]U%3\K R5/@/EEDGVE9F:F5-5?U)@SX6/KMK8
M5$ M:]6ORC[U!FS=TH=B

M;-U3FGR4;FRJM7
 3SO]AOJ(&QZGTYK$




M#3



M_5]AKWHU\R)V1L(]$]WZ7M&%Z+H+Q*M^LU]IUKKX'+H+NIN#EH^DD[JZ7TOO
MK3@+A4.1R=FK!:C W[
[)[UJ&BABS[RU= [;M;'
&!#1(X\I094]BT$-2KV/

MK&SI7U3)/%



WJ_

\.5X
M.NH\8K6B'/I$&7
434P[1 :P^L-
D /L'F5X&(V+L3&;0:I6C$GWIX1@22L-
U5160Q,L
M9;W3R8CH'FY5Z%#ZH.85K59W9ONQ0!V.2+3J9:;;U&%F&
U&:2VUB%#JE(M
M1&KLEUZ!


MSU9J)IE!
J5IIE?.FZP/6T=^T75I;RLZ02&WU5.5?4K.NU0RK]5=3SD51J32
M%H74)QK

5
B#H@':O

M=6_Z:93=C@^&2O.R-QCO=HN\=YJC^S7D5I?I5.U6QT*_UZHQ2+@M&EU%BE
\=GVC(ON.RTWC/MF\=? ^/
G/OP\Z%_#





ML%KO5M*E%FI@_#F


M'BY=3J^?_CM6E]H6M

[M38\_=^O9]3ND'!U4 T-#9&4
MY!H*F0NNQ7#^]O*EU^
LO\J\;!)6-@DKNM]5[E8.ACAEIZ+GIIZQIV63L#TD


<75*@[)Q3=(O=J?0:]=*/*AA52LU5:JY2<ZU.8^B4:0Q%(TNY!3R +:#Z





M((YQOU5H
I0IU?N

=(B/P*


M8(Z*#%9*F_VB1+G:J
]A::A+0WV0AKI9K]1JM=)0%U!J_N&//?8OX7EB0=.C

M+JWVQE:[W:RT%N02EE:[M-JEU2ZM]HL3Y7AX1Y=W/H^Y+@O#R\+P/33DS7+W

] Z[7Z5B58?7[0 *:U8V6WEB5W3\L4/


]%8QZQJ2_U-A^^<:C6#8=!O8%9[-S-&8J/ $Q<



'Y@
V\*%[&8HJ.R#!

Z-AT)SKF97^'X(+S
M
M-2@DS!%!Q $H*M8


NQQI'!3Q-D&QH25QKL!4:C. ?\Q166!@3'C$ U/@LP1X


MM29B*.
)^D/9[97]O8Y_U:J=SFOST%QAJKU+RAE4[92L'V9V1U&0 5)COXN[






YOO='[*DCT'L9C=5A5APX8Z[:K63[I'8K
!9SN.?Q

5@48)$0%W

*P3EA=7K[ B'F,A(N?-400#PW0(D\!FN



;VFC:+5
MY\6$F&((9YJ+MV;&G)UD=XUG]3= \8^@9@N54]=;F%-WD%ET).JYJ0YT\*Q8



.,S&N8[R'9+D$3O$Q4

MSHX6#/L=@]#&I\P5+0)V9C?95^DF@KRNX#-VD(PDZ6#K P$&CV@ O^Q
;=

/WO\8+!E^


M';'3__UZ=HCM C^(Z!ZS7O[!O9@'#ZQ-:6\73N2C(F]T\A*N0#:&K%'I]NJ5


QO%
(ZB01S*D%E \U*DOX7OVJMXS4.#\%?BB4VFU:_ ZZ)M;

M
+;APN33.Q%$JI4;D!D4NKP3:OPD9TP1-.GFE6:$W7+
G@;2S4_#U\ANM-=-7VVT57(NCONJT:37*EBX



__ SD&'N15F*ZM/H#= F^


L! [7[MZ




M?]\B$8%G=*TFN_7]H2I9NO=)++

-8O!<]
C#2MI60C.@9U=E


M4;02@YPY\T@U

M1F('#PX6T*&R]=RM0CJE8MLW'5UDGPY-,8Q&R6;8468(,%H6@VKVUQ0$-M4
MQ^
WV0+()].70S66]7#7%UAA7X!8=IU+9XCLJM3@VS!
=$K
0+X+UH

MQ D5'QMJZ&)K);=Q:%RX#RYWOA]=.Z!D27(S3G!@/XP


M#49I
'9D



 S1=S]/9K=&J
M]@Z





:B7?
!+9+64\<Y2_2Q&_//?[+D/P<]G]U6?FPP;AT3W5!VMY\'6V]5.H9S8
M'45#U;J*(%F$SL/%US2N=?AC.+@^86\URTNVMQ-S/1 



'NDW=DVSY.L \5H/5&M?5<W01?I/AZ


M:
A?4KWI]0[AZ5W#M3].50%U.C2[;Y[IX,.H.U:SJ&]37%<LOJTB!;U
M6O-1Q%B*^37QMS3[QP:VLS^@MO<'U#W:F]U\6]A8-TCM/;W!]1Z;8^ W2
6
MV/!JM=6-]\H#+![Q )[!&II!YX$U.[^@-K;([3N$:@E!_Q,NP%K]Z@^'D'

1F&
3PUC /8N;


M^\__^(MY^L2?3&0T 28)C[TAEGS#2H7G2!'FO

C,8U_X UT576%6KT)&Q1[ JM*+?,8]QL-0
M1&P:!\Z8AX+QVT (I#)^%<;(V_#<_5@Z8R8C]?,0OYKZ
CGH7!=8.Y7_4J[
M5B.9F #IQVSD!XSCW](?
G_$Z@WU0UBAGX _PMA%'H(1@COIB!!''8!8!?Z=
Q?X[YB[^'
H? N6
MNB PH/_
'U:W DOAC'].UP)L L&(*N$-C

M9G*;(;0ZYNP5


R06L ^G5C20(C4 Y
M&8)LJ]4;XVI+D4WW0 !3_2FHXZHK.#R3R B DI&G*CLH40$-MIYH@#LZ U1


ME/$0O##@8ZU:20'Z

?8T(U6N5'%V8:FYN^?R
M#L30=5


(Z.8''E0#+?(W4KQP^!?4 K
&DC47QJ

07/4%@ 2
:E:)CSH/8'RQ]S2H$G\T$MH:H?]I



MR(%B.

M$*&[CLY](.W&=8D&U7)'#B\0T8V'BJ19I*0;U&H2?L /
H=I91)A&&1_1=D=
MD 2+.HN?W1TJX&?0=D-!#*E)V[]2.(BJYG]_3T^H@)4O5RI'83Z(L1Z I/


\EW_V02*/AW=X




<*N[^_K])X+D9OPBJ
-KN/LCW[FV_



/$4)#'.B&R9AIIT9[H4SO\

M
@2_@P^)H8/(5YL+VZNDVW]FCVK %JNHTD!D;1DT6&P! N;!G ^P=FN&=O


6MO!
MA-=
Q


M'?&]G:V2I7:O_GK)J.:T&9
HK O7
S/


XFPL'\
M 8#!HY3&\]4%6=E)]F7ZX YK:Y %


M9=[TT^5-5U8F3D\IH$.IJ1E[H9*H]XAY5Y2.97/QM(*;


!MO=NWX410.




F!I*-E
M72CG1A3!=@_%!+[)K7'8X)3'/APZH_/:&_ZCJ*=!+?LTZ.S\Y.++*;LY_K_#


G'[[AT$Z=D%%




=C.Z):F






N13K[LT(\]I

M@ [/PEUCAYQW_E150.AN.E1_HVNF2PM7ZI

SQX_J#=*

:K']Q
M-]8;


/IC:8OC3/O@BFF_





OYKE3'GBPX/!2!-=C




MTE
_@L^2NR[.###*.QA).+$2.)H*]9E=WR(0W@!03,-;K@I@L. OF@9C??
M]WYE$Q&-82V1SX8B$L$$J



D?L'M(^*C$_9VGV#?L(/[U






MBAB DB
A#ZG& XLV.-Z]*LT=JPF'*=:Z38V+


 U5N4?IN5EC!SO>?
M^A_4S^6=GNWNXE*,=I?BA6O78FS;F2%_E]S;_39YFQ8!O7JULVA#]_A:Z$)L
MXIXK2K%55XQJ?5'(^DP7YP

 ':Q:! N]K?5$?M
M4RA8;TI+


M4QV6!B^/2HW/@6IRMH^5'25NW0RXY


0^%






*%&@O\=RI.VG_YDU;

M&5Z
CAT':(W]1B^!'LZ#^O=1S9RW/00BB/ 
-XMU+EJ84BBNX*(# !\@# .'8B;#O-J J=B-DXMC%)0(. C8*
M_ FL$-:: IDK.UE)L&7DQ/?P%%U1\4J&WT] [&6$GYY38#)@*#PY! @+ )(]
M5[B?$I;#G
 @5CQ'O#P%/@-E1HHSC =_&

\;8
(U3%



#D2^D/I4

UHE$#V3D2ZI#!L*5XDYWWTYGS%T2/ *2




:B ^
MD,9ZA3)'$G'

MAX?TZA?SI!



@CW !P,@473875:7:'K0.<J<K[](2%\Z-5@A:2*
M!3'T#4P0BZN8H@N:BJ+O3$ZP/E-HJZL&,'='T5/D%L  H'O'&!X+JNP;^CUZ
M<*6(S(;(#$4<+J7\-I0AE.*G_DC-:YYP4-%J9V&($TZ@0 &R:7SZ4V[99L
M(VY?E+4S9@#ET:XR)6 PW@9F#A]'?\\+A4&&%;K#AX'R*CI2!9=XRF6@85C



 #PKN0BN17 G

MT/HY3Z
O

M.OT.=4JF#:1.632C$&



MB!IAT!W/DF*=MCP1/ 2&!I!@?:1C%L9',_@PI/#&?H_8DI#IJ!^PN-+ P_
M6?DUF170L1'HIPH.



MMC
Q
)AM!#*3F1_.!KQB70?WE\_3 :^.P/S?]=[31OZG7Q2568X-_F7 OO6
MAGCZ+[#K,JI7;8BPJ%GGMY-A:OL=/$CVOT


9 $G[*#38;G'
MW0=

5/%EC+$P5AT_YHZU




MJT:[TJ_U5=5& IU]LT&X\&H#?']N^UJQTD_=AXSPIY*R@OFS$6_
W;SA/UXR





M(0/

MU1WK7=VZ%5\[;M*R+F?;\G N[JU69X'OP4='6

B9JOL?J<2<^!#E(YZBUXM
2+QL&H4]P+Y







 7[H^
;)B&FE'71\0W3\()T
M?
-838J.;YB*I
)D_WC&-Z3..J&;B(W)Q06O\/-GN/7O6ML)VA?S0&/C9*
M%]CY\U3C@VI1_;#$S46%]^N'67;.B4R\W











:MWN1PRE


].SV_05AOG3_-6$B@:JNGVFD9M&K4K1VV1GPL2


MIU&PV(OS#$8-+


;]^5:AW


MY)@QD.@X1F8ABC_.L

MM'%IKJ]T[1$=UNC P04

]!E&KH$[

_19(&-^I
^G$F BO.

M C\BL7-5)KL1&M2H


M(


SA;'RA+=9G.DQU.E_N;)$LC9C4I?;2LW\.$\AWJGOW;

9!H7

HY$%=S1&Z&E&:





@Z
[)SN'G9:FA[]
4!&\^8






$CR#/C)11SI#\9%GGJHC%R^_


MIZNQ706/$@P.^_NE
62)
'EG&*;D233U? /;U3)
)VSH[/07]#*F;6UG
(7Z



M94Q@[SN$/&JXS!(R&:7_5 5USA=GBB




MLU&0ZFH7*3)-V]1I&.K7RO[I;VAIA)FZ@Z


6V;U@:)0)-[^(XTJCS3J2;FNE%G@I% 2(-

M[=655\V%2LSNZR
78A9


MZI


MR;&1Y;F.JYD(U9LH!WA37FM/*_Y9M_(!3EL-&J!$:TE\@N ^A&6U+%!27*


-O!\.
@-D1U/ W
MNK6&?[&! W!!PR-8:9X#9KJ)H.\\'/;V3?+



E^NWQN_XF]+$9+P^?75U7L.R<9<0Y

)X
M:YE!2SOXP]

M]%/J:J.I_7C-@:;V;]'?#WEK



RSRTP_CO SN#X#)K-..&10#I&U7L#ZF:3M*T


M2
S!E+QSCLMT'-U6



MXIJ1.\U\*FNHY00]%A
FW 6T+

 /*R
MQX$-H._2S9H#QI7.63A0VH:_ M;[:+!\ ;;V!.[ 5M--2.FI94(6K5Q/
_8?




7; 3<$!_;8/?H]GVBBE5/PZ_@]XM
MH'YG['Z'
IYNOX[4 =']UW2L82R
SVT;& GC6TE_1N-]Q-2YVW%X'YK^4+]S
M7'[G2-.?8W5 G

[;NO[\[0^W.,VN9/?OFD.JJ_FI<5^
M!?Y,O-(S[W[YRU]^^/ _)R<S/KO7ML ^-6M9^HK_):P<VFNEJL_/-T&:[B

ML\%/OS +A6&8X


ML$.?

M]BU4]96^TXSE%CH3MQIY7^[/?OHED[(2Z$(RX5_N@6$ ^V8#?XQQ]B-8P?\L

R.7 MTR/



63PFBK


MZU-MI[N:\? 

MY-@_OL(OETEA2

!Q#3 BB3S$5NK


6W3&M#?

MK/W7LG7W%1^W^==#
 MW/

/M?N99]





_$8.#OHO*B.X#KIQVAV?-W1_T0A+0L7CCM0U'.'+
MPQ)&Z


M6X

M++_!+[ZR'$



F


MJ-5^([(


YV-C@^%$+5U\+-*LG&+!+@8



M2U4H#%K%.)'
3R)\

MHR;SJS9M^T86(LL(B)?W




1WQLB91(

\6'B5-YMBI25WN0II1UZ$A3+:U7
$4R]@NJ







M3-JJH2Z_AM)^)U_GE+*$$[U.^+7@C^B.OETAIP#G8.Z%027QY9 )$TE;A_NR




M3IDX?[M+G

%JC:.
M;'FTA:-P[$![B+)EDHGCTN0EG.M&
7Z-)&/&9+7X9
MUA6:-U-8)%F8'.<!;Y&.@K$M?1)3XCD)SH*L^LR='0[<=/@]J:F-/U@IT



M/-M3MT'Y'9JW[@ 3[[DP+$TW77VS0;G$)_!)PRD&JEQYL.Z]1V=EZX\ _AA4

M4

M;;7M4_T+Y[C&'

MB*;IQ809]A16W6HD!A2T0$/:RGT)-81PD_



M!




M99QSKUIX-*8]%(RPN !K
9



G#=67)

M5:DBSW-*


 -T=.V





MNCBC

M641T3P$
.?ZM-R2%=#O/R@*K=D]&T#Z 4V:H?3#VO!#OU_H1RQUPH=:#];EF



MPZ+ 8L1=49FM8:HL#D]?@;*QJL!P0Y%)I*=%L9;.=LJKG:Q(AP-R\YV3UNV
MLF'AJ&J2
58AN^5-!(-BMJ&T(*CN;:4B9?Y?%T*\+5+4K8.\3AQZ).8 M51

M


@/
M=V!7XEX C6R&(63;%R-J2&@9<JC/46:;1@XII5[8+Q\

M
:9VT!1Y/$;D)2XL#FZ*K
PU#LO( B

9+ 

M\6

_#H1DWN3FX/27GF\#*CLN&9

MH*HQ\GB2UII*)Y_DS

M[JBR:3O$V@E]N9YJ2
J*7!7/J 

MDPIT+H^('HC/T4=IO&07%GA+PLB()U*I--:





7P8;


A:I'%O'!27%5A$E:S96'QK_MZS6#BL-?O4?+@G^]
M-]1*G:'A$2?Y=44L14QUBXB+$D0AD^J9IE,54E\ X8&GZ^\=)UOJ#W'4Z!
MC1)=_'=_@P\JSPSAI<I\+D='8G57EF;Z9Q+/ENT^ 'L+MQ\Z%-8UM!<\56^)
MYY=O])5FNK&U<\.]H\VFJM4538LHPJ

M9[6P14.8('O13N\

M^\/K#J3




C$
MUT*8#[:&!B_=OVX?+2




M7MZ?7OYZZ KV7\






L-:X?5)1F/&TR/_5UN6'OC/XVBHQ('#;7CE N-Q\


Z']Q%YA+7X8P_B+-C!_R
QP-?07_[R_U!+ P04


S^[8RG/@ T'\<Q &0;IZ_^(N2=8_'QY^^?+EY<-MY+\


9N]
/]=
//6!Y+_3^N(




M=#J\NAI





T06
Z95YHD)6IY
MU(BC/\?N2/1.CM\1']C+]I/)=-&V0!N092L\JF^%3?;-?D\LY*'._^G8A=WH


M$8CVPC ;*8

MZ4ADSO?RK[T(HT^3*6@WPATX/#]U)Q?GE\./BJ#



M;F;_;W]Z.9Q
P#R;7+ACLPNX!F*QSM_J7N#^U

MS0V)T?G)*%3(-Q+J)30](ZYLX3?\^1QN!BS.(GX#,9+W%VD-IVW2V2U&)A

)

M_]$V09H$9NV+^:X4(/(L3D2W5XX;7[G9B5![(XX71OCNJ#WBL*RF78QAO?

+;:M=?^8]G:SK?H0_#<<?W.O!_PH+'Z;C

ZJ%C%PA!X47]0

S
M4*@^# ?7'TZ'

=GM2EK7=RQDN\;CTM
MNY[N+U*T\98+O;T0/S4YZG3W40N@15/0#B:K1V^_PA1-'3['YB
O2A[S6'.3

9-''M3

M%D=5&_7]_-_2?SI*HSB%'^5/.+SN

M=%Y!RGX-:B,)Y/^;S=@ZO1_Q]M7LW)8@[%LGOK+A;*WDW7?C_^G^H@:O.)F
M ,MTIYF:0._7P+J$@AG*0Z4_*\;S/M! GO.(%B$T4J0HBR&+M 6ZRA[FI5W
M5O_T@KF387(45'OYM.0?Z)JGP!87I#^7
[_@V0OC4S?W0//=7J=N%K^086_K
MZEO8[WD= B(MII

M3'X +:@$+*J%_
<MNX Y*


HO.=8
M84)/)=8(8KG;UH+D
T)
M(/KI]*@U




EASI%=Q(/EN */+5?VS%]N3L
5[OIY
MIWR?

1+G3?

ES H

M1%58R58G4.)
8L&N_'5T&Y
64!)


4=8Q9Q+/#:LQFC-\C
M629#H!
]CL('^&K_$?8L@-@(

M7W/++ :IU=$@F
RT+!=VCA6/XS!ZQ%-[$ #+(YAF



V['.=P2E

T XCEG'!RC
M2


MTJI-3F



!X 5(.V2XIH 1

=T?LZQN;S<
2D8NQPMO

M/@=+JKQ8UALHC;U\JS-


'**6;QI+X*

M2V(8:J*5'IE

MZU@1:=
I;G=!MIR



)- QP)L6Z
M_5

M_Y#PH)8

M;A_880C$K2O7)Q4SLW9T=0:GS%+U3.L

:$


MEQ4/7?*
R1B0X*)-ESV N\0(Y&*V;=)CA_9
=S*E5E%]+;=]?XIBEM'D(]@E



MIV'U&?35/[M#:VR

C&0%[VX9_)G;_

T





MJCM9A:MF&()


MA3CL



M[309;7_TZMBHT&^/C
QP9+49GF4PMD1%=BA07[H(P82)X:P7



+C@

M:NQG=QL4@=.[\-S7CFWE=Q(U_C0Z32T49H3B2#
?'QT *?!1\?8='1T?O3H6
M!U^=C6:X77(AWGXI=B!F*;SW?'7WM(*0VB&K7X;7%=M4)0X4K*9-64DM$!0
M=,.6K_- #GE6]F) KD._5-8*H^@\.*C9 S$.&=83=YW@_DD\1*6\3I*HW48


MKA\K$$6^RBRT
C%1^?3


ZX
M R)\,#:H^3

@=AB*7&5,I0S +F)MQ HDB5I5JIPZ[J[+6
M]V9W(LDHTBJT89QER9U(/YD\NOEE4?E$IQSL7''[D4EYR)=^?/&AZ1:=?KL
MC

M*NQ@U'C(G3PV^@L0:K2KE;5M#%3A*'H6S%3+W
TGCX;
WW:&6[I^0V
@3M]+
M[S:


Z6;LT.

C Q-3$R
M
S%?8V%L+GAM;-5876_:
!1]+K\BHP]Y
B$PNH)*JPRE6R4*%3!I;Y5)+F#-
ML2/; ?KOEX2$AI% Z521OE#B'-][/AP[].9N[5%M4(2SKJZ6:OK&C'NX3-
MNSJ1'%U?M]K(U.]N*S=?$-(&P'L4BT!J2/WA((V#HBM(1V56LTFPB%:$K8
MGT[T
Y@U6DZ'A#K1 17:$4AJ(A9#90TZRM
MI?M*<T;H3A<FG9K#O;$V3(;3?
5&94ZS8&]&8D'9KO=-N*[&7!8S%5;=+9V
A9]V=83F-+ XGF&/MQ+P.HDNE(
MK!75S61172;#SY:4H&0O$ *82AM0/ 7:U?

M9
B ^U%U3'6-Q=$LGNN@,P7:G-QGE1Z6X*0HAOE=WS#?]\BQOEL/A)@(^)

M!^\^60JJ??@14]#W+$MYZ(
(!;)Y$K4L6
;[N%
?O?T




M+3(P
34Q
C

G 2YNX\OWX75FZ]_JC?_[U.@MJ

J;I!
&G6FSI-7Z;


M


MRE4KR


NA[8P#
ML-(0.&

NV)7BJ*@'M04BYD1S:K@3U&L1] !
JJQENG#M1B$F

M54EHEA6$RM@01T[NLB(NS*+0PI'[LQ^7 YS([8Y3%[/-ZH0=K\PYMQDGAGO'

?UF*

/
P6]=0)Z+X2Q2J[^Y7BQ






M3COND!3SG!

M3
U#)






B]).

4)
'\ NAGSKI-/#

MQPT_VU
.:'GU
OYCDG %MULESWG HXQ3O7;S$YO,S&LCD
MI9\@0L[J6.X /6\-X&V&
0OES:WW8&_93X%G%;L^Z[/?-1RDO$:V%5OD/,
MTEKR@P8^HO%:0&.[K2!\;_XU61MT+G5+(-H&HYTB^B
CY;^L
LKI7))<R57![6 3+YR65V($X2V=#E0L9
!RY%<^\+ .$UW'=[IF613(=ZUX;R5C*MP16N)IS-8M
@:$

M;'*VR&V)5;9&N*J%.64U6R1VFPJIJ9#HGO8(U_$PF@.(W^A74O]9^//D1A;R


LH/=).E_2 \%ILMCGR#]\[TLI4144#TI..JU4
MT46+I;0 W6%U #;J?REDN-)/W1[0_ZEFNX
2+M:F6(/UO0CFVC9R +V:[(
M@[1 )*'*?^2B0[]&&)0&5UR!:HQE+D'M=@3%H)@]U.B_%FHDM:4 \Q\]$*0
M9Z9



7700AL42I

)*IM!R5KF:
OFF]!UVS

MB:VL.Y&KOV3E*&=1JGH]DKT4\1XWDEB]L
166:ADZR^)#00.!M[0@?@MR;^0
M*+(




I//WM _Q@X
M7S_^'U!+ P04      R@HY(IENP^6U]  )L04 %0   &YC87 M
C Q-3$R
M




[5K!Y?1.&JWBARPJ%97V])




M_;
8-VW


M[W(SEX]DUQ



MN9J8)B:7ZS%5KCG6V71AL'7
LHR6VN&XGXS'Q@_F4S'D^%T_C,;W%^SX9^_
MC9WP_LY^]O[_R%+ZZ(1(-DFL%M+T2-;M]'?EJ7I3VUM_O_.&:/W$_7
-J

'?\Y?DDLY\Z\EAM]F%HP_(+C&N
G7X26[

/+'(IN]-
M(]%[Y'((M14]$6O@-@Y:+$Y;./&#DC6-7S\ZSEI5S+WE?A+GOU&N_/K=^ZSF




MOY@
Y#ZZ)R9EJYWB]]KZ-6$2HZ-U*'?E?/BRYD$


6



YNF*[WW(R[/X?)P
J$I51WN9#
M[RQ8Q_F93G%GQ3S%UTQQHLJ[

M1P2P8&7?Y JSKW\&:]U6'*'@112!GIF@E=2'EF;_(KHSJ%OA/ A?)$*=@M2]

[^
MV5F'\9_8]?!F=#7JRZU16R4=&FBKMXE 1'J&C-NK
$@B\2 7U7FH0$;F2UZ(
MHH\7\N=Q(?C7_G#))1^XQ_86XN%*H25@+4POB5/4OJS-V29XFFKW::WHX#






!GD@!MIAB('6\E ?8UPF/5G+[H8H=6 !U !=J:ZPKVQW8



Z!*
-IQB[KTSM%UBI?:1S?A.5FFZ%)57YQ.6F/E



YXD/M=W1^IR29X!KT6\3I.RSTZ#AU&0/HUY1 '[Z/AE 40JWA+4
MZ.N:)/
T32J GY

M UOJ)V+M\YQZ:0U!BTF(L+0:\HQRP$





!.[E%=Y%O
FYQDFHMF_


M
;EDQO

 !Q% XCE;5BN
MJD-HXVFPS4+;\HWQM5&AJF6OY[8(X-8I)Z[CN1X@CF]CO)0=1$\INDTST1.H
MH&OWQ*CQL

HRO2[V_WF8?


H&8@UCVK:
M& /1Z&/%N7

]/7C\?U+;@!//^


%^4=XD]
$M=EOAM]8-PXVO$(*8!0\[=E4_[D)$S^
M!FH#%3X9\ K#XIQ;]8/VFW#!I#+VTYGDXPY;\TB/86M@7 ZD@L'ID7[-J%/^


MEWN3!EXE^./1$


M0%5ACFOX&F@*LK/H'+*+R

M[9/$(
AUW*'2V\M@@/=1?XE16T\@7NLX\9]@#BN$Y1!FACHY'B-\4J_6O^
M'/[






M
IQ!
@A
G6EJAQ

MQ\+TW[


D(JR*1(
4U+&I&I
7;G*1E-E+*7I]'X?;6WJ?F2S[CO
M\VB\D/^\#J'IYKVSTAW@5W+=+E3EJ2'5F(^MI\)8'I9_5#WIDJO$.FF*60C4
M4_19  RP!\4!;/OC'0_YR(R--T1K=Q=J

H16A=A^Q+T=/

?SX:Y1V5Y/LIY9



?#+:.+*Y;(9


:.1T6;0DQN05/@!2+-2W5*YD

2S!I8#B/@N7#E



MQ!7'.5:


M94O!\1AD_[%RBK@X:#$\Z

V.WC%92
M=&W$)DWL];ZP,:3V)EWHIY%WV?CJ2#H#W\]/O]<I'S_Q2[Y<QZM%!X+G)#E
M?R+N0
)!80[UK&H




M
(^*]62T64[\[?GR<4NR*,2#*1C_Q6*QX4
M7M@;EO-!Y&(=:
'D?QAM[.K6V(+W)FV60+%%1Z;P#CSLHJYB$'^%SS&TT(SA








M#&/83?CEJ'Z4,H)-@);7M5NE@,QEE-C']]?,!(9/S4LIE\@4K&KAVDB9Z*





MZ
YX<*
MVL(;!4DX+:YC?/P!R ^R)B 9.3G$)*1XWDXD2];KBI<GQ7EF1%B<Q

Y\SP!(QU_F^X+B;Y0UJZO#G7N/<1(DLVU
MLQF^)')?!CC^/5I+3JSVD@_M2?T76;Z6O\CW-1#9%0/1!6R5M-'UO^SK8#H=
MW




24$%/.C_*X_
M.LEV)UJH9-(KSJ!LQVCU& JBN0%?&









+!2Z


MFE% [D3A
E?D]$[5:@





MK;*&#IOIZ

M7CO


M4%&6J':'3'UZ!_]WZ!.E


M2G]6[/%&&JR$'6]N[+@+U+QR436K?2J%$RL=AKU K:*+OD#-\;AU7^(G
A P
M+-
F?VC


XQW2$(

M@\N:]?6&[P8NR=E6LM__5


-8;8J7[!X1[]8

MVAW

R&]0



1K51Z<YEZ2ERTD(\!PPML#_5MD-*FZ
MZ)Q&2F,7'3IIN]XZM-#87@^=EN9+@EH$?87E-GF\6/ H_YZ4QUAKGR#(:KC







1I$

MO EGJ%5=$\H2@U[O:+%K8\EUYPMD$Z7L+9B-WU=[F\H0 L8+J [)MQE[P9]O
M2RS*YBF
/37@F--&1D6+I@BQ#)*%WO!/:!&M,82RV5::TGDZ]IM&NBHZ#1-
M31*!J1GPSVG@P0W(LU3^1LY][6Q4]X[\O R 28-@^+B1+7FA)AJ&
D]^^!1
M#GF47X8\];S$N6CG1R%NGD)2C




VY1%TY\@?F




:/(S**FC
(RK+

M?S6^&[+YX_#&?O;A_^ARDNAX%DNGS&_M6\3]9M$GS/F*WLA:SB?!!X ]T4
M.E^6BY7NFH





LD68)K4K$S7
MT?3





\^\<C^=A_7EX%UTZ1]%+TVBE;V.PJX@)6<'Q G]/5,$K*[Z T#(K3+
M-U8,6_B 2G&V=TWR=T+^21I@G/J)QM8/U.Y7)R9\5CG/)A6<:5VO4V/)4FXT
M2CS*W_%1ZZ(X8IA)-4H@EBX/SE^Z6IN?H8Z\_($:KV)@?&*U!A6S),T2%&
M^R.1QQKPKYU<Y\+[,^JF#/+/SOSPKC%.DSAQ D^N,1E)O7^JQNNP?9+32RY


/]=8;[D0[

M(U)K596A$J(



ENJ^5^9$M%I9/R

Q'$8;08=A3
EW M$+AB[?BF/@OV4Y %

&8NM%O9J)J\ENY 

M)#SN76Z^2(

N)M@2((7YQ$EC#^S:4Y%RXOM7:*
/T-1@5XENPE$KD
M\4B[DTY^BZ_Y0K@BJ6MO;?
Q'F?/&S(:E,_:LP6^N1X.C:[A2VIJ=C%WWSR&3V\]+L#B/L$_P- ^
M%0Q-_NJ_-8CNE#\*^+($5R7'KSWRF%MC<A$%V


T4


B!*GN[3@N604+4XW37ES=W#7M(7
MQ]/WR%9KA*^'NR:K)/OT[3OXOUVZ_277L;!1




MV@4Q2BQZ)]KL

I,J$V_GZ.,AK


M^0ZO^4


M



7?'GG0+

ZYF5-6+ :?
4ZRR 'A]0]Q4][S:M$4.
M/*=6SW3W=\(W4];R]\3.3@HC-HP3L8(+_R\Q7Z3^K5C(E?AG[D1EJUFSYXF!

M
;]M)&9/?)9



MP54$60I],SP+'1Q:&NVKZ8[\[ITYYFO

MEI1@0P=)/7G@I6=FUTP;AQ;8XI5U0NR*UV:1TX0.RK@&E^+V/7#.(VXR2*;
MS( 'FG


O]_.9=(J?



3K'&+$

M]\1LK.0^W%R;5=^AR618I!

KI[
ML#6/6+8^*3KL-5.D5(0](]8W2[-3S9'--7AC
P[G@Q6892(OZJOP7AQG(E6



O;OR!M3\)/XFU)H[@BVRHG



M'BGDLD9Z1


M.) CMD@.XX7\Z3XLQ0!&38=Q+PHY
*ZGZ.M:7




Y
M&




R_!MII&
?^A+G*3=/-C2T]:<8XM1I0N5[K+W5++M]N$%:HGE=ZF9O4D





M;;5JAZ
./A9\H
XW!9!AMLXI]


)N-L;O57;4-N.;KB
O=5[8U




-N?G'

M*_51KS:CXD^%#3T

M8#HI3B&$ !=WL1)/'JVXW&AO(/\WU4B@:%U=

M5U$\H1)X$J)'S
=/-UQJS?'_.'AZO JC]50JNB;WR/  JB^
%2\8/W[U\=/_




M5M/@\2O:\4T 7Y$= C1IYK#U$7BX[D^0

MT(

\
\K4@@W&MJ+%;YRXG




K:8D 9K&8]@





M6O&*JC+;ZUGQY3#[2?=&S#.L




!V9$
M6(%*3VRLL1H.%_)F;Z@[BQNMUHZ(P/C'T;6(UV'L^./%;1@\WL(92W]J[(RP
MU518N\3PC[H@W=*%91/HO58$^UEFBM'2H26C7W.'QIU%IR:.\.YY53WSX2BT



MS



AG_[XG=F4M_A%P

*-D85KR:!]!Y

M_PDR8H0K^A;Z-ZOA*+'%[IUTC8!;84'9'VDP;BDL8QYC:+QKO'T#:AJA]$
]70
MYN0$(;



MQ]$00C SDNN
;
Y7^:1U(



M;V#4%ZB)_;H4[A)^TE!:@

M#

MZ6^R*J#2K?+Q*-QNN9(J;L




F0VPK2
MM4$;E5$T:SN#0D

MZEE/.3
!X!^5=
@




MN&&OWG]X]XW:ZOBARF?(

M?X\


M;7



0X+[6XU^ ) 4L
X$2OG
MN%ZN8A#6E\II8DS]BX;ZVL[9




HK'@%+
M7KO-4U3800:NJ+$8NBEFM$Y ;;M:1J@C?44KIS8A 9-%2%261CCHA+T#RK

.ELQIZFO

MH+-EAR:/H[E!OKDXAQ?2)H 02]UK1RS/'6EOU-U%91N! *
K8B)% 8@(T!

M;7G#V

M9B+?0S((/

M4V['\IR@4X.W^XPA+?MU'+5'_U5B=8S[RPB6(.G:ZQ-7;G8X7\B:M:CRH9


MXR4Y*


%
MJLW2\717T&TO.M4#\94&^+P?WV9(G\P%#E\O
A85$
%,ZF$3&P*3\0P=T
M:5



H9?/R#

MC*B]





MORN:(
CO]F&=.PGX<JQ-&8<U3$8P_:=7!U-?YR/]_!


%ZE_*Q9\%/P
M#1]*3+-F

;^S#Q@C&P[.TO5]
R7\T/:Y 8H$.T6:$0P;0Y:B]*U:YC54;1_

KE9AH+;[93MMY(0T


V<::R/M&CEG[KQ<;]^/5*Y]A$:

W8




MSZRVO:*.
2G:6CV]@T1O<ZMVS?

9O
I;W!7CH^3%YBH_E?
&9Y
#O&$K.IZLJ3LR9OH6:)4Z4
M5!TC^L+D,*@\Z9R?19/;WF]KTK)L[^P;]KP4[I)!(^Z ]4JV-5^(?\6R._;
MDONJ


LN=68:?V


HU;VHF&8U7YJ

-G#2)^'P:C(.'R=227
MW(%D'6@86A)QLGH


%TZ#.
8=70QCO#3R3IQ8#DV67C9_#VR



6';06VA G?ICE ZIAWJ6L3K]C.
MWO!A?-NH)CRB$D*.4

R!8I

IY?TEU?TQ
M(/#./#@T.I))WJ-Z'6I%5@+F4K@/#9)N
P#=4^'FG@(N=SP?[L!)^XV1VQ :

@A^B

M6Y8_4#8


5'HLZ]\72JE)I7O'





3M2['IO9[V%164%VGWY


E[#)Q8VMI/J)7(/?-@G




JU-.!-&L/3/O&=PZ-Z/CO&-S34DJX
M@%DV(8


MV9!CW


GN'
\




8RO%BMY/



MOENVXPI?Q):A7






^6*VCS\$@ &]6

JMUKRU%K5W1(Y


J(TZA$U4VT8JP
#.%&+$
M$CR]8CH_U)
HM$-0ID:=24[4C^1D74CVVGOVQ#SLI#[9J+I*4)C-'DGBXE4=E*




MP=D18B*G=!+ ::Q(C7&GFXIV7OCI.O54HU ;S?!T:
 5.3J&9TZ)!TP5FC
B
MYQ*VP:43B (2N$\M


MME*?:6R49P#3UF$D\.0P !B5P8LPXFJ7/D





V3J#*89MRAF*6?%?<#47;(J/&'$C%5?1Z9% --;-73-+BQ6' AG+4




+



E-TZ


M.9%8ID[@7(6'_8+MGZ/#)S%P1HI0\LP?V%H18[?.74[MC1NN3@)20B!:8YB2

VT^

M/T.C[;KNVN
MVV%D[Q#@1\%-6M9 T/XY@IIM.\X(2U2+.[%]@\B8(O4U%OPK ):UF^3'JF



'-AW$^$DDP3@D
L(P#EK/P=OC3Y()MN5#H5%?#
M

9H%SX!4




M7]44WJ292[T''D0O/
UD\$H83
5N\?T18$G@)*%Z7%8J#KV1%[V&W$CLFTQE
M-; 3!*

1+ GE@T8%'PWQ^$;RMX


M6IY'5NNDI!/X$G.VN]*J
[:G-5-ARCSR+ NY*B.JW%
52(J:8IV=FM/AS+CQ
M28HXD^8DP;_C.5'AZD6VZ.$8!.V
0X


MD/(H)6D%Q[.(

^O0H-J!9FD1^JGN@KGM



.1UWN!.DZ<Z!9Q3;.L)X2SB#WZ

%<-LOX.?*UED%&T#
5GSVQS -HB8Q/=C_S



MZ[MP9WX'1]VOE;F$J=]L/C,37T*EE4C6I!6KZFR-MLX8(D;;/0_XB&WD'Z





MJRXZ[M (E5#BS!

MX$W+K(SK'

\A.6'S\N



MM-W@#B$Z&@YYF])YDM9X(WSLE$%&[]\+@;K)'2$:Y4%7P1*0_2):[F3Z1?3T


MS;K;9U2'L]L'!9&W)][;SO23_RYR\GKV4L'V/ML9T'5
![O=X_[^6IAEWS

E3%'?ZT:&F
M


M.M7&RTF
Q((Z**


_WCGU=74RC
J5K\PJ;3[R;__G$Z^==_IO((
;WZ87(U
)N:S^ BU!NCHHD/AC<L]C7T_G3 8 _D=P/-- -]AQ^%4R<.Q
MK(ZVX6DQZ%.[&


 %0   &YC87 M
C Q-3$R


MPP4

M


%P:/R7]_EI:]?_^?A?CI?@XUW!0
4


MOY7;?KT78!L!A$O1']_C'QSUEYB$S (N^7*!31#R*;!A^._V_+U/9FH8


@?D/J_#Y]0)

3]Y*L; )^;(@ !X]H048U\+T5 _CC

M.8!H[OF?@1?Q=QMN4;MHX$O





M9V6)D2;K2*AF4N'^D3T/+3FX$Y_U068.=.DB'8J1M? '4=@Z\%%_V4+ @0R
M,3AHL\M: C]'4#,7/V?L.O-YB)4@- %S )^])Q^, '?789:UA ^.H&:NB#1]
M!51V?VOP/Q:,?S/TDNQ!+C8XCX5FSM*.L0XC#V?EFR)L5NP#1&
RRK(R:\M







IZ.HS8[FLV(A-K%;%IVLFCN+XQ0N2

[YR

8V+Q([M3+PR(




AJM4N1


 7T;2V. $DKJ!P'SDI8@&@;-&Z]O09Z[)8^4R#2X&(W)S+OZ3B
M.A90HRA\U]Y!G\BFJC38Q E#2#-!=^OS








=O


V)_Z=*
M#1N!/Y)8GU.N.N03X /OQ)E


MB@^'.'WA:LEHB'KD+DED^


D$A(<
M7O2IP2,0T^<;831;@\_ B_K$F?(6S.DUZ[MK7.%'!B%*U;K.A)KL' KTJ<C2
MYF.VYN/1\K#J\9;T#9


ME2]H+


C


*

C
MP
?TP\;C;E6SZZC4^M8HJY2T1]]U6&$0XR0B;PUB+%AF^68Y14@J?%.T
1$S


MK^0FL$(#EWJ_5P7#SIE:3\8^CL 6SWE9DCE)M7:YKCZKQ7R6
=%W)\;Y2(.G
M6_ 




A8X
+3E!SP%8

MGH7 ^2D

MJZFM@]?EY-SF2#V @1?

JL<Z=CU
-=<;0D GMN,E1@[ZCXI3%WC$774K@61UHP[NZ(:XP<R=5
M+HV]4TR$!Z
V*


LR!_$R/[L^62.CVEL

MS

MRR)=$2O3X?
$R4P81(E*7Q8]0ER
1\A+GM \@K2#PF-@R76S2JW+(DD))W'(
M.S


(*UZ3IH;;T:]N/ 01


M\RA5[J?)+4UQ2%JVM=.Y(]JK1*5;NM8\9ZOI_*:BP



M7U2KW\[F


K5X/GY041M$

 6C93/+8

8*]0UB\M3MC








MYZ(5
;)U?Z#?OAMGVL?+YH'89S5Y[7+:;?RS?CH$/3[LY'AWXR&P**9K%6P&


M
KUS)CH


M_^+R$PALZR=W.
+?H_[
^8^.(WBQL2979K%?/4^H#S%;!)]15JF6 ^NH'YF%
-^G:/W*
M:K3EK'D8U2SR\*EPSG-7Y+IGJK?0WDI7Y.O8!;



M6$.+4&S3
3O*&,/!K'@0;B\?.<Q5QY:VFG.(D<E#XK:G4[SUI%
M*+J6C_






M]$P#-@EB@=9I1E-2*



0.!*=UJ^:UWGZ\.YV;-SMZFM1JHE1-S[+.=QSR

MQWX-T-HX/+F3#\YH^']4[7)&MU@5&T[=P7C2G_9'
_K36Q![T*^]KZMW8'Z7


MM2MM\$H^'E=7.@V0Y \?Q'2(=+2(/NS%OQV&X4O-,4O^MY08 _=KDO @WC
M$(XX#/)-U-JZ\'BR:$=;'T!OX2S(YVL5+\AGSX2MV,_4_F,VO9SZ(8%--A



]!'(Z3:+[V$' 9[6*P H+EYMOE0S:9[9K
P$N;-.\84W8O9:%]&D
MAQN24$/A=XJK5O'&R(GP+N-OYO&W@KTR?=B&T$R]Q9W'G+F\V231H8@3GG




G?5ZFUT*KZBHFM;!80:
M/6Z2UA=9UX7QY-&59(=+676;J*J&2T
NAOE0G$V(-^W4

WA\5=
MA?7



M16_CFIZ7$_!

$R'.?K5 Y_#8(4'



MXS;ZPXAISD7R$






CXUAI
BKWO:M(%LSI*9U.^&%#[GM




NG-


- -
YG!ES@J;.^#T)]KDSB+UC[PHB2$E1I1$K**H#CNFL






!Y X-$(=
M[U'$C3;K%WC:OW8/P9

ZHUN[$&
MI?B7H]I) 3'M45C

MWLR1;. 

YO=]7ONP\-P5LPU7_-T)FO6_$%--@(]4;(]&-$SMI
9

WW^R;O\



M:

X_A

X\2$@-NWR^2!HQ5
MK]OB)40U'O;9
=1A


MFC*Z+ITH)V#CX348K/)7F8GGW\

L&5M*'O6E&8Y

MHE3;-HHJ(6


M-72!1?:%S.)'YIED#3)+6T4*6U[3%UGY2A9]
?.[S5L8@3ENEVE(J]6.'035
MQ*@-1]5#'/:I


'U:P_F:_L5G!K



#



U$


MK./\1V3@^_N#9HT#:D/IFNE ;=0:#0O[S/6B79Y;5.^VKFQ.D%1H^S#%Q[2\
M=[=L3

O9L^=SM!Y1


8+9G?L1B=:@KM@/L#







M7U)UT3&M_]#0U
_DG6 6HCB-6 RQ&D!'Q0GVK%2MVXRH26[ZSO3&\\DH;Q/@
M!LXV@O[UCQR77E[);J/


B3BMT +X+!BKP/8WV]5:IU

@6= GG4YD*8;3PK




#$U
3(S
2YX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      R@HY(P:
)?[8C   +D0$ $0              @ &4


#$U
3(S

M A0#%     @ 
H*.2&5(H#]@P  %8P  !4              ( !U\D  &YC
M87 M,C Q-3$R,S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #*CDBF6[#Y;7T  (FQ
M!0 5                6K5  !N8V%P+3(P,34Q,C,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$
M% 

#$U
3(S

end



