

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-15-000872
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150520
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150520
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				262727362
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53661
		FILM NUMBER:		15880428
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7740 EAST EVANS RD.
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(480) 385-3893
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7740 EAST EVANS RD.
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Northsight Capital
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080708

















Washington
 D.C. 20549






 2014








NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.

















Scottsdale
 AZ 85260








(Registrant&#146;s Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)




 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 





 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 


 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. &nbsp;See definition of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

















113
000 based on the closing price as quoted on Yahoo! Finance as of June 30
 2014.








 as of the latest practicable date:


 as of the latest practicable date:



Outstanding as of May 19
 2015

Common Capital Voting Stock
 $0.001 par value per share
105
521
796 shares









Northsight Capital
 Inc.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2014













































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance











Certain Relationships
 Related Transactions and Director Independence















Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules















This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements and for this purpose any statements contained in this Annual Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Without limiting the foregoing
 words such as &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;estimate&#148; or &#147;continue&#148; or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties
 and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors
 many of which are not within our control.&nbsp;&nbsp;These factors include but are not limited to economic conditions generally and in the endeavors in which we may participate
 competition within our chosen industry
 technological advances and failure by us to successfully develop business relationships
 among others.








 2008. We were originally formed to engage in the business of marketing
 developing
 and producing unique
 proprietary water products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our original intended line of enhanced bottled waters was based upon the experience and expertise of our founder
 designed to make everyday hydration and nutrition a more enjoyable experience.&nbsp;&nbsp;In May of 2008
 we commenced our initial operations
 and had no significant assets. In May 2010
 we abandoned our pursuit of the proprietary bottled water business. &nbsp;Since then and until June 23
 2014
 we were a &#147;shell company&#148; within the meaning of applicable securities laws as we had no operations and our business was comprised of seeking acquisition candidates. &nbsp;We commenced limited operations during the quarterly period ended March 31
 2014.


 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 23
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Yong Park
 an individual who became our majority shareholder as a result of the acquisition. Currently
 we own approximately 9
600 cannabis related internet domain names. In consideration of the acquisition of the 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Park
 the Company:






000. The note was amended and restated to provide that the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note would be made July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Kae Yong Park has waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014. Such $100
000 has since been paid to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue;



000. The royalty payment shall be payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000.


 Ms. Park is required to provide such consulting services as the Company may require during the twelve month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company is required to pay the Ms. Park $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
 on the first of each month thereafter. Ms. Park is also entitled to &#147;piggyback&#148; registration rights on the Securities Act registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
 with respect to eight million shares of common stock issued to the seller. The Company is obligated to bear all registration expenses of such piggyback registration
 other than underwriting discounts and commissions and any legal fees incurred by the seller.


 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. &nbsp;John Bluher
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 is our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;) and member of our board of directors. &nbsp;John Venners
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 also sits on our board of directors. &nbsp;See Note 13 - Related Party Transactions.


 hired employees
 leased space
 acquired domain names
 including prior to the acquisition described herein
 engaged consultants and advisors
 completed the construction and launch of several web portals
 including &#147;WeedDepot.com&#148; and &#147;TheMarijuanaCompanies.com&#148;
 conducted sales and marketing related activities
 and negotiated vendor relationships.








 as described below. &nbsp;As noted below
 subject to the receipt of additional funding
 we intend to complete and launch an additional three cannabis related websites. &nbsp;






 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#146;s exclusive use.


 (ii) advertise in the Company&#146;s online directories or (iii) lease one or more internet domain names from the Company.


500 internet domain names we acquired from Kae Yong Park (who became our majority shareholder in connection with the acquisition) is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission June 25
 2014. We currently own approximately 9
600 cannabis related internet domain names.























 doctors and clinics
 head shops
 tattoo parlors
 and vape lounges. For mobile use
 www.WeedDepot.com can be downloaded at Apple Apps and Google Play.




 meals and deserts using infused cannabis.




 etc.


 user-driven Wiki focused on both&nbsp;recreational&nbsp;and&nbsp;medical marijuana&nbsp;topics and information that allows collaborative editing of its content and structure by its users.











 subject to the receipt of sufficient funding
 which we currently do not have
 our plan is to expand our sales and marketing activities with respect to these websites with a view to driving significant traffic to these websites
 which in turn should make our directories more attractive to cannabis related enterprises that are trying to promote and advertise their business. &nbsp;We anticipate that it will cost approximately $35
000 per month ($400
000 per year) to effectively implement our sales and marketing plan. Currently
 we do not have the requisite funds to implement our marketing plan.


 which we currently do not have
 we intend to construct the following websites:









 we anticipate that it will take about six months and cost approximately $150
000 to construct and launch the foregoing websites. &nbsp;Currently
 we do not have the requisite funds to build these websites. When and if these websites are constructed
 we will also focus on the marketing these sites as well. &nbsp;We believe that the incremental marketing costs associated with the promotion of these to be built websites will not be material in relation to our total marketing budget.




 which we currently do not have
 we intend to expand the marketing and distribution of our services primarily through the following methods:















 our sales and marketing related activities have included search engine optimization
 direct selling efforts
 direct mail
 electronic mail
 social media
 and online advertising. We have engaged companies to assist us in our sales and marketing related activities: Hemp Media (provides online (Internet
 smart phone and mobile device content to our business)
 New Times (print advertising)
 the musician Snoop Dogg (promotion of our Company and its business)
 and a nationally recognized men&#146; magazine (print advertising). 




 offline local business guides and directories and with other online providers of local and web search on the basis of a number of factors
 including the reliability of our content
 and the breadth
 depth and timeliness of information. We also expect to compete for a share of local businesses&#146; overall advertising budgets with traditional
 offline media companies and other Internet marketing providers on the basis of a number of factors
 including the comprehensive nature of our online directories
 effectiveness of our advertising solutions and our pricing structure. Our competitors are expected to include the following types of businesses:


. We expect to compete with offline media companies and service providers who may have existing advertising relationships with local businesses. Services provided by competitors are expected to range from yellow pages listings to direct mail campaigns to advertising and listings services on local newspapers
 magazines
 television and radio.


 We expect to compete with Internet search engines
 such as
 Google
 Yahoo! and Bing. We also expect to compete with various other online service providers and review and social media websites.


 the Company&#146;s primary online competitors are Weedmaps and Leafly
 each an online directory of medical marijuana dispensaries and doctors. Neither Weedmaps nor Leafly currently serve the legal recreational market. Accordingly
 we consider these companies a competitor only with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 and not otherwise. Currently
 Weedmaps and Leafly are much larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. We believe that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 as we expect our pricing to be much lower than that offered by either of them. The Company is not currently aware of any other online directory of cannabis related products and services.









 we have not yet realized revenues from our operations. We expect our customers to consist of the various businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products
 including retail shops
 medical dispensaries
 head shops
 growers
 distributors
 suppliers
 vendors
 and the like. Our customers may also include legal
 marketing
 and event production companies seeking to serve the cannabis industry.


 we intend to diversify our customer base
 so that we are not dependent on any particular customer.




 2015
 we employed 11 persons
 of whom eight are full time and three are part time.




 we expect to incur aggregate website development costs and expenses of approximately $175
000 related to the development of our websites and related technology and services. Our ability to engage in planned website and related technology development is subject to the availability of sufficient funds
 which we currently do not have. If we are unable to fund necessary research and development
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage and our business will be materially and adversely affected.




 we rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets
 copyright and trademark laws
 and confidentiality procedures to protect our technology. Due to the technological change that characterizes our business
 we believe that the improvement of existing services
 reliance upon trade secrets and proprietary know-how and the development of new services are generally as important as patent protection in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage.


 effective intellectual property protection may not be available in the United States or other countries in which we operate. Also
 the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also
 protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.


 media and other industries may own large numbers of patents
 copyrights and trademarks and may frequently request license agreements
 threaten litigation or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We may in the future face allegations that we have infringed the trademarks
 copyrights
 patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties
 including our competitors and non-practicing entities. As we face increasing competition and as our business grows
 we will likely face claims of infringement.




 as a company conducting business on the Internet
 we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations relating to consumer protection
 information security
 data protection and privacy
 among other things. In the area of information security and data protection
 for example
 the laws in several states require companies to implement specific information security controls to protect certain types of information. Likewise
 all but a few states have laws in place requiring companies to notify users if there is a security breach that compromises certain categories of their information. Foreign data protection
 privacy
 and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities.


 rules and regulations governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis are constantly changing and evolving.&nbsp; The medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized in 23 states and Washington D.C. (with legislation to legalize medicinal use pending in 13 states) and four states have legalized the use of cannabis for recreational purposes; but
 pursuant to the federal Controlled Substances Act (&#147;CSA&#148;)
 the possession
 use
. &nbsp;However
 the state laws which authorize and regulate (or prohibit) the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis
 as well as the federal laws prohibiting the same do not apply to our business as we will not at any time engage or participate in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis. 







 as the cannabis industry continues to evolve
 increased regulation and oversight by local
 state and federal agencies is likely.&nbsp; For example
 more stringent local or state regulation of the cannabis industry could adversely affect the industry which would in turn adversely affect our business. &nbsp;In addition
 because the industry is in its infancy
 the enforcement of the CSA as it relates to those using and engaging in the cannabis industry
 by the Department of Justice
 also remains an area of uncertainty.&nbsp; For example
 although we believe it unlikely
 if the US Federal Government were to enforce the CSA on a nationwide basis
 the cannabis industry would in effect be abolished
 which would have a material and adverse effect on our business
 making it unlikely that we would be able to continue.&nbsp; 


 particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate
 and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. There are also a number of legislative proposals pending before the U.S. Congress
 various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us. For example
 the European Commission is currently considering a data protection regulation imposing operational requirements on companies that receive personal data. The proposed requirements are different from those currently in place in the European Union
 and the regulation may also include significant penalties for non-compliance.




 we have not yet realized revenues from our business operations. Accordingly
 we do not yet have a historical basis to determine whether our revenue will be subject to seasonal fluctuation.




 www.themarijuanacompanies.com. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;)
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to the foregoing
 at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F St.
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10 AM to 3 PM. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to the foregoing
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding the Company and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC.






 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 and we are subject to the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K of the SEC
 as a &#147;smaller reporting company.&#148;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That designation relieves us of some of the informational requirements of Regulation S-K.




 and to expose to public view
 possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee members&#146; appointment
 compensation and oversight of the work of public companies&#146; auditors; management assessment of our internal controls; auditor attestation of our internal controls; prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; requires companies and auditors to evaluate internal controls and procedures; and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud
 among other provisions. Compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes/Oxley Act will likely substantially increase our legal and accounting costs if we complete an acquisition
 reorganization or merger.









 as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our shareholders at a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our shareholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to our shareholders.


 and are required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g.
 changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K.






 WE HAVE AN IMMEDIATE AND URGENT NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL FUNDS
 WHICH FUNDS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS OR AT ALL.


 Liquidity and Capital Resources. Further
 we expect that our operating expenses will increase substantially over at least the next 12 months. We currently do not have sufficient capital to fund our planned operations. In addition
 we may experience a further material decrease in liquidity due to unforeseen capital requirements or other events and uncertainties. As a result
 we need to raise additional funds immediately
 and such funds may not be available on favorable terms
 if at all.


 most of our funding has been provided by Kae Yong Park
 our majority shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 neither of whom is under any obligation to fund the Company.


 we will not be able to complete the construction of our planned websites/portals
 effectively market our services
 execute our business plan
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. We may be unable to secure sufficient funding to continue operations and effect planned transactions
 in which case our stockholders would suffer a total loss of their investment. If we are unable to obtain necessary funding
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 which states that the financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations and inability to generate sufficient operating cash flow raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of May 15
 2015
 we had only a minimal amount of cash on hand.


740
487 and have had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. 


 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company raised approximately $2.2 million in capital through the sale of its common stock and exercise of warrants. &nbsp;Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.


 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.







 WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR CURRENT BUSINESS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS.


 the revenue and income potential of our business and our market are unproven. In addition
 we have no historical data with respect to directory listing rates (including renewals) for our services because we have not yet sold any subscriptions. Further
 because of our limited operating history and because the market for web-based cannabis related directories is relatively new and rapidly evolving
 we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. We may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends
 which could harm our business.


 you should consider an investment in our stock in light of the risks
 uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as ours. We may not be able to successfully address any or all of these risks. Failure to adequately do so could cause our business
 results of operations and financial condition to suffer.


 WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE PROSPECTS AND MAY INCREASE THE RISK THAT WE WILL NOT BE SUCCESSFUL.


 if at all. This short operating history makes it difficult to assess our future prospects. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter in this rapidly evolving industry. These risks and difficulties include our ability to
 among other things:



 the number of paid subscribers and other content on our platform and our revenue;


 measure and demonstrate the effectiveness of our advertising solutions and attract and retain new advertising clients
 many of which may only have limited or no online advertising experience;




 or may in the future enter
 the business of providing information regarding cannabis related businesses;


 both domestic and international;






 high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage
 as well as the deployment of new features and products;


 integrate and retain talented sales and other personnel;


 personnel and operations; and




 or if we fail to address the needs of this demand
 our business will be harmed. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties or others
 including those described elsewhere in these risk factors. Failure to adequately address these risks and difficulties could harm our business and cause our operating results to suffer.


 WE MAY NEVER BECOME PROFITABLE.


 we have experienced net losses and negative operating cash flows. As of December 31
 2014
 we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $10
740
487. We commenced business operations late in the first quarter of 2014. We incurred net losses of approximately $9
998
838 during the year ended December 31
 2014. We expect our near term quarterly losses to increase as we continue to ramp our operations. We will likely incur significant net losses into the second quarter of 2016 and possibly longer. While we are unable to predict accurately our future operating expenses
 we currently expect these expenses to increase substantially
 as we
 among other things:









 procedures and controls;


 including additional executive
 administrative and technical staff; and









 we will continue to experience losses indefinitely. We may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. We also may fail to accurately estimate and assess our increased operating expenses as we expand our operations. If our operating expenses exceed our expectations
 our financial performance will be adversely affected
 which will likely cause the price of our common stock to decline.




 if available
 may involve pledging our assets and restrictive covenants
 which may limit our operating flexibility. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities
 the percentage ownership of our then existing stockholders will be reduced. These stockholders may experience additional dilution in net book value per share and any additional equity securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock.


 YAHOO! AND BING. IF OUR WEBSITE FAILS TO RANK PROMINENTLY IN UNPAID SEARCH RESULTS
 TRAFFIC TO OUR WEBSITE COULD DECLINE AND OUR BUSINESS WOULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.


 Yahoo! and Bing. The number of users we attract to our website from search engines is due in large part to how and where our website ranks in unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors
 many of which are not in our direct control
 and they may change frequently. For example
 a search engine may change its ranking algorithms
 methodologies or design layouts. As a result
 links to our website may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our website
 and we may not be in a position to influence the results. In some instances
 search engine companies may change these rankings in order to promote their own competing products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. We believe that other websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past
 and we anticipate fluctuations in the future. Any reduction in the number of users directed to our website could adversely impact our business and results of operations.


 and may promote its own competing services
 including Google&#146;s local services
 in its search results. Given the large volume of traffic to our website we are expecting from Google and the importance of the placement and display of results of a user&#146;s search
 if Google were to take any of these actions in the future
 there could be a substantial negative effect on our business and results of operations.


 THEY MAY STOP OR REDUCE THE USE OF OUR SERVICES
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT THE GROWTH OF OUR BUSINESS.


 including whether they are helpful
 up-to-date
 unbiased
 relevant
 and reliable. If users do not value the content on our platform
 they may stop or reduce the use of our services
 and traffic to our websites will decline. If our user traffic declines
 our advertisers may stop or reduce the amount of advertising on our platform. As a result
 our business could be negatively affected if we fail to obtain high quality content
 or if the content we display is perceived to be unhelpful
 out-of-date
 biased
 irrelevant
 or unreliable. We must therefore ensure that our services and features are attractive to users
 and encourage them to contribute. In addition
 users who contribute content to our platform may provide content to our competitors or subsequently remove their content from our platform. If they do so
 the value of our content may decline relative to other available services
 and our business may be harmed.


 biased
 unreliable or otherwise unhelpful
 we cannot guarantee the effectiveness or adequacy of these efforts. If we fail to filter or remove a significant amount of content that is biased
 unreliable
 or otherwise unhelpful
 or if we mistakenly filter or remove a significant amount of valuable content
 our reputation and brand may be harmed
 users may stop using our services and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.


 EVEN IF FAVORED BY OUR OTHER STOCKHOLDERS.


 our principal stockholder
 Kae Yong Park
 beneficially owned approximately 62% of our outstanding common stock. This stockholder is able to control all matters requiring approval by our stockholders
 including the election of all directors and approval of significant corporate transactions.







 AND ITS PRICE HAS BEEN AND IS EXPECTED TO BE HIGHLY VOLATILE.


 and we cannot assure you that an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained in the future. Our common stock is quoted in the over the counter market (OTCBB)
 the market for which is highly illiquid and the quoted price of our common stock is likely not indicative of the underlying value of our common stock.


 some of which are beyond our control
 including:



















 the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market price of the stock of many Internet-related companies
 and that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Market fluctuations such as these may seriously harm the market price of our common stock. In the past
 securities class action suits have been filed following periods of market volatility in the price of a company's securities. If such an action were instituted
 we would incur substantial costs and a diversion of management attention and resources
 which would seriously harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 or the belief that these sales could occur
 could cause a significant drop in the market price of our common stock. Of the 105
521
796 shares we had outstanding as of May 19
 2015
 approximately 23
064
800 shares will become freely tradable upon the effectiveness under the Securities Act of the pending Registration Statement. Consequently
 the price of our common stock could drop substantially following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.




 therefore
 do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. See &quot;Dividend Policy&quot; for additional information regarding our dividend policy.


 ANY FAILURE OF THESE SERVICES TO SATISFY CUSTOMER DEMANDS OR TO ACHIEVE WIDESPREAD MARKET ACCEPTANCE WILL SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS.


 as well as from advertising fees from such directories. As we have only recently launched certain of our planned Website/Portals and several are still under construction
 we currently have no subscribers or advertising revenue. Our ability to generate revenues depends on our ability to secure paid directory listings and establish our advertiser base. To do so
 we must convince prospective advertisers of the benefits of our services. We must also convince prospective advertisers that our advertising services work to their benefit. Many of these businesses are more accustomed to using more traditional methods of advertising
 such as newspapers or print yellow pages directories. Failure to establish our subscriber/advertiser base will harm our business.







 we expect to rely heavily on advertising spending by small and medium-sized local businesses
 which have historically experienced high failure rates and often have limited advertising budgets. As a result
 we may experience attrition in our advertisers in the ordinary course of business resulting from several factors
 including losses to competitors
 lower priced competitors
 perceptions that our advertising solutions are unnecessary or ineffective
 declining advertising budgets
 closures and bankruptcies. We must continually add new subscribers/advertisers both to replace advertisers who choose not to renew their advertising or who go out of business
 or otherwise fail to fulfill their advertising contracts with us
 and to grow our business. Our advertisers&#146; decisions to renew depend on a number of factors
 including the degree of satisfaction with our services and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. The ratings and reviews that businesses receive from our users may also affect advertising decisions by current and prospective advertisers. For instance
 favorable ratings and reviews
 on the one hand
 could be perceived as obviating the need to advertise
 and unfavorable ratings and reviews
 on the other
 could discourage businesses from advertising to an audience they perceive as hostile or cause them to form a negative opinion of our services and user base which could discourage them from doing business with us.


 or if we are unable to attract new advertisers in numbers greater than the number of advertisers that we lose
 our client base will decrease and our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.


 we will not realize the revenues we are expecting and there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. As a result
 if for any reason revenues from our cannabis directory related services or advertising do not materialize as rapidly as we anticipate
 our operating results and our business will be significantly impaired. If our cannabis related directories or advertising services fail to meet the needs of our target customers
 or if it does not compare favorably in price and performance to competing services
 our growth will be limited.


 in part
 on our ability to diversify our offerings by successfully developing
 introducing and gaining customer acceptance of new services. We cannot assure you
 however
 that we will be successful in achieving market acceptance of any new services that we bring to market or that we will be able to secure contracts for paid directory listings/advertising on our Websites/Portals. Furthermore
 there is a possibility that diversifying our existing offerings could harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN PROMOTING AWARENESS OF OUR SERVICES
 OUR BUSINESS WILL NOT SUCCEED.


 there has been a great deal of public focus on legalization for both recreational and medicinal purposes. Although we believe that cannabis related businesses are acutely aware of the need to market their products and services
 in order for us to attract subscribers to our directories and paid advertising customers
 we need to actively promote these services
 so as to increase awareness and acceptance of these services. In addition
 there may be a time-limited opportunity to achieve and maintain a significant share of the market for these services due in part to the emerging nature of these markets and the substantial resources available to our existing and potential competitors.


 we do not have the capital necessary to actively promote and market our services
 so we cannot assure you that we will be successful in this effort. If we are not successful in promoting market awareness and acceptance of our cannabis related directory and advertising services
 it is unlikely that we will succeed in implementing our business plan. If cannabis related businesses do not recognize the need to market their products
 then the market for our cannabis related directory and advertising services may develop more slowly than we expect
 which could adversely affect our operating results. Developing and maintaining awareness of our cannabis related directory and advertising services is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our services. Furthermore
 we believe that the importance of product awareness will increase as competition in our market develops. Successful promotion of our services will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to develop reliable and useful services
 at competitive prices.


 due to a lack of capital or otherwise
 or if our expenses to promote and maintain such services are greater than anticipated
 our results of operations and financial condition will suffer.







 WHICH COULD PREVENT US FROM GENERATING REVENUE OR ACHIEVING PROFITABILITY.


 reduced sales
 reduced margins or the failure of our services to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance
 any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Our current principal online competitors are Weedmaps and Leafly
 each an online directory of medical marijuana dispensaries and doctors. Neither Weedmaps nor Leafly currently serve the legal recreational market. Accordingly
 we consider these companies as competitors only with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 and not otherwise. Currently
 Weedmaps and Leafly are much larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. We believe that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 as we expect our pricing to be much lower than that offered by either of them. We are not currently aware of any other online directory of cannabis related products and services.


 such as:







 technical and other resources.


 these competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities
 technologies
 standards or customer requirements. For all of the foregoing reasons
 we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors.


 IN WHICH CASE OUR REVENUES AND OPERATING RESULTS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.


 we will need to build a sizable base of customers that renew their listings at the end of each cycle. If we are unable to sell significant renewals
 there will be a material adverse effect on our long term revenue potential and our operating results.




 features and reliability of our technology. Any failure of our technology to keep pace with the rapid growth and technological change of the Internet/search technologies will impair the market acceptance of our directory and advertising services
 which in turn will harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND IF WE ARE UNABLE TO IMPLEMENT APPROPRIATE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES TO MANAGE THESE ACTIVITIES
 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS PLAN.


 which has placed
 and will continue to place
 a strain on our management
 administrative
 operational and financial infrastructure. Our future success will depend in part upon the ability of our management to manage increased operational activity effectively. This will require us to hire and train additional personnel to manage our expanding operations
 for which we do not currently have the necessary capital. In addition
 we will be required to continue to improve our operational
 financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. If we fail to successfully manage our operational growth
 implementation of our business plan will be materially and adversely affected.









 including our CEO
 John Bluher. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees
 such as our CEO
 or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.


 THEY COULD PROVE DIFFICULT TO INTEGRATE
 DISRUPT OUR BUSINESS
 DILUTE STOCKHOLDER VALUE AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.


 services and technologies in the future. We have not made any acquisitions or investments to date
 and therefore our ability as an organization to make acquisitions or investments is unproven. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks
 including:



 technologies
 services and personnel;










 if we finance acquisitions by issuing convertible debt or equity securities
 our existing stockholders may be diluted which could affect the market price of our stock. As a result
 if we fail to properly evaluate and execute acquisitions or investments
 our business and prospects may be seriously harmed.


 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN THE HIGHLY SKILLED EMPLOYEES WE NEED TO SUPPORT OUR PLANNED GROWTH.


 we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We need to hire additional personnel in virtually all operational areas
 including sales and marketing
 operations and technical support
 customer service and administration. Competition for these personnel is intense
 especially for persons with high levels of experience in designing and developing Internet-related services. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we fail to attract new personnel or retain and motivate our current personnel
 our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed.


 AND THESE FLUCTUATIONS MAY CAUSE OUR STOCK PRICE TO FALL.


 increase our website development efforts and hire additional personnel. In addition
 our operating expenses may fluctuate in the future
 as a result of the following factors
 among others:





 such as recruiting expenses and professional services fees; and




 it is possible that in some future periods
 our results of operations may be below the expectations of current or potential investors. If this occurs
 the price of our common stock will likely decline.







 DOWNTURNS IN SALES MAY NOT BE IMMEDIATELY REFLECTED IN OUR REPORTED REVENUES.


 we will bill customers for the entire listing period and would then recognize revenue from those annual listings over the terms of the listing period. As a result
 we anticipate that a significant portion of any revenues we report in future quarters will be deferred revenue from listing agreements entered into and paid for during previous quarters. Because of this deferred revenue
 the revenues we report in any quarter or series of quarters may mask significant downturns in sales and the market acceptance of our cannabis related directories.




 trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As the number of entrants into our market increases
 the possibility of an intellectual property claim against us grows. Our technologies and services may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. Any intellectual property claims
 with or without merit
 could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle
 and could divert management attention from executing our business plan and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 browser and search engine technologies. We may not be successful in either developing such services or timely introducing them to the market. In addition
 uncertainties about the timing and nature of new technologies
 or modifications to existing technologies
 could increase our research and development expenses. The failure of our services to operate effectively with existing and future technologies will limit or reduce the market for our services
 result in customer dissatisfaction and seriously harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND THEREBY REDUCE DEMAND FOR OUR SERVICES.


 search engine providers may enhance or develop services that include functions that are currently provided by our services. If users of our directories are able to effectively locate cannabis related products and services through advanced search engine applications
 the demand for our and services could decrease. Furthermore
 even if our technology provides greater functionality and is more effective than services offered by search engine companies
 potential customers might accept this limited functionality in lieu of purchasing enhancements of our services.




 which could lead to interruptions
 delays
 loss of data or the inability to process searches. Such events could be very expensive to remedy
 could damage our reputation and could discourage existing and potential customers from using our services. We may experience break-ins in the future. Any such events could substantially harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.







 THEY MAY HAVE ERRORS OR DEFECTS THAT USERS IDENTIFY AFTER DEPLOYMENT
 WHICH COULD HARM OUR REPUTATION AND OUR BUSINESS.


 and we may find such errors/defects in the future. The occurrence of errors/defects could adversely affect sales of our services and divert the attention of web development personnel from our website development efforts and cause significant customer relations problems.






 rules and regulations governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis are constantly changing and evolving.&nbsp; The medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized in 23 states and Washington D.C. (with legislation to legalize medicinal use pending in 13 states) and four states have legalized the use of cannabis for recreational purposes; but
 pursuant to the federal Controlled Substances Act (&#147;CSA&#148;)
 the possession
 use
. &nbsp;However
 the state laws which authorize and regulate (or prohibit) the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis
 as well as the federal laws prohibiting the same do not apply to our business as we will not at any time engage or participate in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis. 


 as the cannabis industry continues to evolve
 increased regulation and oversight by local
 state and federal agencies is likely.&nbsp; For example
 more stringent local or state regulation of the cannabis industry could adversely affect the industry which would in turn adversely affect our business. &nbsp;In addition
 because the industry is in its infancy
 the enforcement of the CSA as it relates to those using and engaging in the cannabis industry
 by the Department of Justice
 also remains an area of uncertainty.&nbsp; For example
 although we believe it unlikely
 if the US Federal Government were to enforce the CSA on a nationwide basis
 the cannabis industry would in effect be abolished
 which would have a material and adverse effect on our business
 making it unlikely that we would be able to continue.&nbsp; 




 various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us. Imposition of Internet and cellular use or other charges imposed by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Internet and cellular services could have a negative impact on our business. Laws and regulations applying to the solicitation
 collection or processing of personal or consumer information could affect our activities. Furthermore
 any regulation imposing additional fees for Internet or cellular use could result in a decline in the use and viability of Internet and cellular communications
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 or timely development of complementary products
 such as high-speed modems. Additionally
 the Internet and cellular systems could be adversely affected as information tools due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of Internet/cellular activity
 security
 reliability
 cost
 ease-of-use
 accessibility
 and interest in Internet usage and quality-of-service. If the Internet and cellular services do not continue to be widespread informational media
 demand for our Internet based directory and advertising services could be significantly reduced
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.












We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Through June 30
 2014
 we were renting approximately 1
150 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis for $3
500 per month. Effective July 1
 2014 until April 1
 2015
 we rented approximately 3
235 square feet of space for monthly rent of $4
500. Beginning April 1
 2015
 we began occupying approximately an additional 3
000 square feet of space for no additional rent. &nbsp;Effective May 19
 2015
 we entered into an agreement with Kuboo
 Inc. under which we rent approximately 6
100 square feet on a month to month basis for $11
500 per month. &nbsp;Under this arrangement
 the landlord pays taxes
 utilities and maintenance and repairs.




 no federal
 state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against us.&nbsp;&nbsp;No director
 executive officer or affiliate of ours or owner of record or beneficially of more than 5% of our common stock is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us in any proceeding.













ITEM 5:&nbsp;&nbsp;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




 Inc. (&#147;FINRA&#148;) under the symbol &#147;NCAP&#148; on May 12
 2009.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is currently limited trading for shares of our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management expects an increase in market trading for our common stock as operations continue to grow.


 the sale of &#147;restricted securities&#148; (common stock) pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC by members of management or any other person to whom any such securities may be issued in the future may have a substantial adverse impact on any such public market.&nbsp;&nbsp;For information regarding the requirements for resale under Rule 144
 see the heading &#147;Rule 144&#148; below.


 for the periods indicated 
 the high and low closing quotations
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board
 and represents prices between dealers
 does not include retail markups
 markdowns or commissions
 and may not represent actual transactions:

















































































 Yahoo! Finance
 and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions
 retail markups
 mark downs or commissions.




 2015 we had approximately 164 shareholders of record
 not including an indeterminate number of holders who may hold shares in &#147;street name.&#148;




 and unless and until we complete any acquisition
 reorganization or merger
 no such policy will be formulated. There are no material restrictions limiting
 or that are likely to limit
 our ability to pay dividends on our securities.




 2014
 the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares from 100
000
000 to 200
000
000. The Company also eliminated its authorized preferred shares.











 2014
 we sold 5
034
000 shares in private transactions at a per share price of $.25
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The company issued an aggregate of 305
800 shares of common stock in satisfaction of finders fees incurred in connection with these sales of securities.


 2015
 we issued 1
455
800 shares in private transactions for services rendered
 at an imputed per-share price of $.25
 being the per share price at which we had then most recently sold shares in private transactions. These shares were issued solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 22 and September 10
 2014
 we sold an aggregate of 450
000 shares of common stock in private transactions upon the exercise of outstanding warrants at a per share price of $.20
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 2014
 we issued 3
730
000 shares in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.
 our sister company. These shares were issued solely to &#147;accredited investors
&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the surrendering shareholders&#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. We valued these shares at $.25
 being the price per share at which we had then most recently sold shares in private transactions.


 23
 2014
 we issued an aggregate of 78.5 million shares to a single accredited investor (Kae Yong Park) as partial consideration for the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related internet domain names. On May 2
 2014
 the date we executed the acquisition agreement
 we most recently sold shares in private transactions at $.25 per share. This price is not necessarily indicative of the value of our common shares as of such date.


 2014
 we sold 3
250
000 shares in private transactions at a per share price of $.25
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. In connection with these sales
 between September 4 and September 22
 2014
 Kae Yong Park transferred (without payment of additional consideration by the investors) 3
250
000 shares to the persons who purchased an equivalent number of shares from us at a per share price of $.25. We paid Kae Yong Park an aggregate of $65
000 as consideration for her transferring such shares of our common stock to these purchasers.


 2014
 &nbsp;we sold an aggregate of 525
000 shares of common stock in private transactions upon the exercise of outstanding warrants at a per share price of $.20
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. In connection with these sales
 between September 5 and September 12
 2014
 Kae Yong Park transferred (without payment of additional consideration by the investors) 525
000 shares to the persons who purchased an equivalent number of shares from us upon exercise of warrants at a per share price of $.20. We paid Kae Yong Park an aggregate of $10
500 as consideration for her transferring such shares of our common stock to these purchasers.


 2015
 we sold an aggregate of 1
191
000 shares in private transactions at an average per share price of $.25
 for gross proceeds of $294
000
 solely to &#147;accredited investors&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 as amended (&#147;the Act&#148;)
 based on the following facts: there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of purchasers
 each of whom the Registrant believes was an &#147;accredited investor&#148; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended) and was sophisticated about business and financial matters
 and all shares issued were subject to restriction on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchaser was not an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the Act.













&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;aim
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;projects
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future
 including statements about our business strategy
 expenditures
 and financial results are forward-looking statements. We believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are accurate. However
 we cannot assure the reader that such expectations will occur. Persons reviewing this Annual Report are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such factors are discussed further below and also include general economic factors and conditions that may directly or indirectly impact our financial condition or results of operations.




 2014
 the Company acquired approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Yong Park (who became our majority shareholder in connection with such acquisition). The list of domain names we acquired is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Commission on June 25
 2014. In consideration of the acquisition of these assets from Kae Yong Park
 we issued her 78.5 million shares of our common stock. In addition
 we issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $500
000
 the payment of $400
000 of which is contingent upon our achieving $150
000 in monthly revenues. See Note 13 (Notes Payable Related Party) and Note 9 (Commitments and Contingencies)
 in each case to the financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2014 filed herewith.


000 installment payment due under the Note would be made July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Kae Yong Park has waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014. Such $100
000 has since been paid to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue.




 hired employees
 leased space
 acquired domain names
 including prior to the acquisition described herein
 engaged consultants and advisors
 completed the construction and launch of its primary website
 &#147;WeedDepot.com&#146;
 negotiated vendor relationships and conducted extensive sales and marketing related activities
 including through search engine optimization
 direct selling efforts
 direct mail
 electronic mail
 social media
 and online advertising.




 the Company has between March
 2014 and December
 2014 sold 9
259
000 shares of its common stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds of $2
266
000
 including 975
000 shares sold upon exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of $.20 per share. In addition
 between January 5 and May 19
 2015
 we have raised $294
000 from the sale of 1
191
000 shares of common stock at an average per share price of $0.25. In addition
 between December 31 and May 19
 2015
 Kae Yong Park
our majority shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R
 Baer
 made $454
500 of unsecured cash advances to us to fund our basic operations
 $93
000 of which has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $361
500
 as of May 19
 2015. The Company has used these limited funds to fund its basic operations on a scaled back basis.


 2014 and through May 19
 2015
 the Company&#146;s majority stockholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &#147;Park&#148;)
 have advanced the Company $444
500
 including $158
000 advanced since May 14
 2015
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 of which $93
000 has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $361
500 at May 19
 2015. 







 2015
 the Company was indebted to Park in the aggregate the amount of $361
500
 including $158
000 advanced since May 14
 2015. To evidence this indebtedness
 on May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Park a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of up to $403
500 ($361
500 currently outstanding) (&#147;Company Note&#148;). &nbsp;Unpaid principal under the Company Note is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.


000 in advances after May 14
 2015 were made pursuant to an agreement entered into with the Company on May 15
 2015 (the &#147;Funding Agreement&#148;). &nbsp;Under the Funding Agreement
 Park committed to advance the Company a minimum of $200
000
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 subject to Park&#146;s receipt of funding from a third party lender of $300
000. &nbsp;On May 14
 2015
 Park secured a commitment from a third party (&#147;Park Lender&#148;) to advance Park $300
000 in two tranches
 $100
000 on May 14
 2015 and $200
000 on or before May 22
 2015. Park advanced $100
000 to the Company on May 15
 2015 and advanced an additional $58
000 on May 18
 2015.


000 commitment made in the funding agreement
 neither Ms. Park nor Mr. Baer are under any obligation to provide any further funding to the Company. The Company has an immediate and urgent need for additional capital. &nbsp;See &#147;Liquidity and capital Resources.&#148;




 subjective or complex judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods.


 subjective or complex judgments:




 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued a new accounting standard that reduces some of the disclosure and reporting requirements for development stage entities. The change will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014. As of such date
 among other things
 development stage entities will no longer be required to report inception-to-date information. The Company has chosen to early adopt this standard effective this filing.




 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Provision for income taxes consists of federal and state income taxes in the United States. Due to uncertainty as to the realization of benefits from our deferred tax assets
 including net operating loss carry-forwards and other tax credits
 we have a full valuation allowance reserved against such assets. We expect to maintain this full valuation allowance at least in the near term.




 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to fair values of financial instruments
 taxes
 and contingent liabilities
 among others. We base our estimates on the limited historical experience we have and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
 the results of which formed the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities.









 2014 (and were previously a shell company)
 we have no meaningful historical business operations
 with which to compare the current and prior fiscal year. Since we have no comparable historical business operations
 except as otherwise disclosed below
 the following disclosure omits discussion of income from continuing operations
 expenses and other matters related to &#147;results of operations
&#148; as well as information relating to the statement of cash flows
 as we do not believe that analysis of this information would be meaningful to investors.



As of December 31
 2014 and May 19_
 2015
 we had only minimal cash on hand. Consequently
 we have an immediate and urgent need for additional capital. We recently depleted the proceeds remaining from the sale of 9
259
000 shares of common stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds of $2
249
750
 including 975
000 shares sold upon exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of $.20 per share. As disclosed above
 in order to fund our basic operations
 (i) since January 5
 2015
 we have raised $294
000 from the sale of 1
191
000 shares of common stock at an average per share price of $.25
 and (ii) between December 31 and May 19
 2015
 Kae Yong Park
 our majority shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer
 &nbsp;have collectively made $454
500 of unsecured cash advances to us
 $93
000 of which has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $361
500
 as of May 19
 2015. 


 2014
 we have not yet realized significant operating revenues. We are however incurring significant costs and expenses in connection with the establishment of our new business
 implementation of our business plan and ongoing compliance costs associated with being a public company. Consequently
 we are currently experiencing negative cash flows from operations. &nbsp;


 2014
 we have not yet realized significant operating revenues. We are however incurring significant costs and expenses in connection with the establishment of our new business
 implementation of our business plan and ongoing compliance costs associated with being a public company. Consequently
 we are currently experiencing negative cash flows from operations.


 2014
 our operating activities used $1
537
239 in cash (or approximately $150
during the ten months we were operating in 2014). Our operations will use increasing amounts of cash in coming quarters as we further ramp up our operations
 at least until we are able to generate revenue from our operating activities.


 2014
 our investing activities (comprised primarily of website development and domain name purchases) used $516
321 (or approximately $51
 000 per month during the ten months we were operating in 2014).


 during the year ended December 31
 2014
 our operating and investing activities used in the aggregate approximately $2
054
000 (or $200
000 per month during the ten months we were operating in 2014). We expect our operating and investing activities to consume an increasing amount of cash as we continue to ramp up our operating activities.


 unless and until we are able to generate revenue from our operating activities. For example
 in August
 2014
 we hired a new CEO
 at a monthly base salary of approximately $28
500 (including a $3
500 non-accountable expense allowance)
 representing a significant increase in our monthly operating cash requirements.


 we anticipate that our operating and website development activities will use approximately $300
000 in cash per month over the next twelve months
 or $3.6 million. We currently have only minimal cash on hand. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our operations will not begin to generate positive cash flows until at least the second quarter of 2016. &nbsp;Accordingly
 we have an immediate and urgent need for capital to fund our operating activities.


 we are actively seeking to raise additional funds through the sale of equity and debt securities
 and ultimately we will need to generate substantial positive operating cash flows. Our internal sources of funds will consist of cash flows from operations
 but not until we begin to realize substantial revenues from the sale of services. As previously stated
 we currently have no meaningful revenue
 and our operations are generating negative cash flows
 and thus adversely affecting our liquidity. We intend to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financing. In addition
 we expect that our operations will begin to generate revenues during the second quarter of 2016
 which should ameliorate our liquidity deficiency. &nbsp;If we are unable to raise additional funds in the near term
 we will not be able to implement our business plan
 and it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern.







 we may be unable to fully implement our business plan and pay our obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities. See Note 2 to the Financial Statements - Liquidity/Going Concern.


 which we currently do not have
 we expect to incur approximately $150
000 in website development expenditures over the next 12 months (included in the $3.6 million estimate of cash required over the next twelve months). The purpose of these expenditures will be for the development of various Websites/portals we intend to create and acquisition of additional domain names.


 and/or raise additional funds (either through debt or equity)
 we will be unable to fund our website development expenditures
 in which case
 there could be an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.


 we do not believe it is likely that we will raise funds through the sale of debt securities in the near term.


 In June
 2014
 we issued Kae Yong Park a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000
 as partial consideration for the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related internet domain names. We have since paid $100
000 in principal to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month we realize at least $150
000 in gross revenue. This remaining $400
000 balance is currently classified as a noncurrent liability. We believe that we will be able to make the approximate $11
000 monthly payment when (and if) we achieve the monthly $150
000 revenue threshold which triggers our repayment obligation.


 as described above
 we are currently indebted to Kae Park
 our majority shareholder
 and Howard Baer
 her spouse
 in the aggregate amount of $361
500. &nbsp;This promissory note evidencing this indebtedness is non-interest bearing and payable on demand 




 2014 and 2013.


























































 Inc.


 Inc. (&#147;the Company&#148;) as of December 31
 2014 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; equity and cash flows for the year then ended. &nbsp;These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 in all material respects
 the financial position of Northsight Capital
 Inc. as of December 31
 2014
 and the results of their operations and cash flows for the year then ended
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


 2014
 accumulated losses and sustained negative cash flow from operations raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/ Sadler
 Gibb &amp; Associates
 LLC


 UT

 2015















 Inc. 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December 31
 2013
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; deficit
 and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal controls over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Northsight Capital
 Inc. as of December 31
 2013
 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company has incurred a loss from operations and negative operating cash flows during the period from incorporation through December 31
 2013. These issues raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/s/ Mantyla McReynolds
 LLC

Mantyla McReynolds
 LLC

 Utah

 2014







NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.




December 31
 
December 31














20
690




31
500



52
190




Property and equipment
 net of $1
471 depreciation
10
966


Web Development Costs
 net of $11
250 amortization
327
912




391
068











34
639

61
730


56
676



91
315
61
730





400
000



491
315









Common stock - 200
000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 104
019
196 and 12
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
104
019
12
500



(50
000)


10
536
221
717
419


(10
740
487)
(741
649)


(100
247)
(61
730)



391
068












NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.







December 31


December 31


















2
144
567
5
561


932
500



4
675
500



1
836
500



325
226
35
815


34
000



50
522



9
998
815
41
376



(9
988
767)
(41
376)










4
500



4
500




(9
998
838)
(36
876)










(9
998
838)

(36
876)





65
311
989
12
500
000
















NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



Years Ended December 31









(9
998
838)

(36
876)




1
471



11
250



353
722




(4
500)


932
500



2
296
500



4
599
000



219
000




36
936




(31
500)
2
363


22
909
2
077


56
626



(1
537
239)





(12
437)



(339
162)



(164
722)



(516
321)




Proceeds from sale of common stock
 net of offering costs
2
054
750




(75
500)

000



(100
000)



2
074
250



20
690


Cash
 Beginning of Period



Cash
 End of Period

20
690





















189
000





500
000





1
676





97
200





50
000












NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.
































Balance
 December 31
 2012
12
500
000
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;12
500
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;680
483
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(50
000)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(704
773)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(61
790)






36
936


36
936

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2013




(36
876)
(36
876)



Balance
 December 31
 2013
12
500
000
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;12
500
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;717
419
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(50
000)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(741
649)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(61
730)



Common stock sold
 net offering costs
8
284
000
8
284
2
046
466


2
054
750


975
000

194
025


195
000


78
650
000
78
650
110
350


189
000


3
730
000
3
730
928
770


932
500


1
250
000
1
250
2
295
250


2
296
500




4
599
000


4
599
000




219
000


219
000




(500
000)


(500
000)


305
800









(75
500)


(75
500)


(1
675
604)
(1
676)
1
676
















50
000

50
000

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2014




(9
998
838)
(9
739
838)


Balance
 December 31
 2014
104
019
196
$ &nbsp;104
019
$ 10
536
221

$ (10
740
487)
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(100
247)











NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.

December 31
 2014




 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. &nbsp;John Bluher
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 is our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;) and member of our board of directors. &nbsp;John Venners
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 also sits on our board of directors. &nbsp;See Note 13 - Related Party Transactions.


 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#146;s exclusive use.










 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.




 2014 and 2013
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.













 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.








Furniture
 fixtures and equipment












 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31
 2014.









 resellers or customers. 





Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. 


















 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $25
909 and $0 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 respectively.




 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.


 2014 and 2013.









 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2014 and 2013.




 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &nbsp;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.




 &#147;Earnings Per Share.&#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &nbsp;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.


 2014 and 2013
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.




 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-10
 which reduces some of the disclosure and reporting requirements for development stage entities. The change will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014. As of such date
 among other things
 development stage entities will no longer be required to report inception-to-date information. The Company has chosen to early adopt this standard as of these financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &quot;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&quot; (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;)
 which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &#147;Revenue Recognition
&#148; and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 &#147;Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts.&#148; ASU 2014-09&#146;s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today&#146;s guidance
 including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2017 and
 at that time
 the Company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has determined the effect of ASU 2014-09 on its ongoing financial reporting.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &quot;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&quot; ASU 2014-08 changes the criteria for reporting a discontinued operation. Under the new pronouncement
 a disposal of a part of an organization that has a major effect on its operations and financial results is a discontinued operation. The Company is required to adopt ASU 2014-08 prospectively for all disposals or components of its business classified as held for sale during fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2014. The adoption of ASU 2014-08 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements or disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&#147;ASU 2014-15&#148;). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15
 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15.









740
487 and have had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. 


 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company raised approximately $2.2 million in capital through the sale of its common stock and exercise of warrants. &nbsp;Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.


 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.




 during the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company capitalized $339
162 towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &#147;yellow pages.&#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $91
211 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
 2014.


 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the year ended December 31
 2014. &nbsp;


As of December 31
 2014
As of December 31
 2013



339
162




(11
250)



327
912






 2014
 the Company capitalized $353
722 incurred in connection with the purchase of rights for certain internet domain names. Domain name assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable
 or at least annually. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. Due to the uncertainty of Company&#146;s ability to generate future cash flows through the rental of its domain names
 the Company recorded full impairment charges of $353
722
 which is included in general and administrative expenses
 related to these assets during the year ended December 31
 2014. &nbsp;The Company does not have any intangible assets at December 31
 2014 or 2013 not subject to amortization.




 2014 and 2013:


As of December 31
 2014
As of December 31
 2013



12
437




12
437



(1
471)



10
966






471 during the year ended December 31
 2014.









 2014
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $56
676 which consisted of the following:










9
500




10
000

Kuboo
 Inc. 
Former parent company
 significant shareholder
Rent
 contract labor
37
176


56
676






 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue (see Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies). 


 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. &nbsp;The Company subsequently recaptured all previously recorded interest expense related to the note.




 2014
 the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares from 100
000
000 to 200
000
000. The Company also eliminated its authorized preferred shares.


 2014
 the Company sold 8
284
000 shares of its common stock for $2
029
750 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&#146;s fees of $116
450
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $16
250 in cash
 $76
450 through the issuance of 305
800 shares of common stock. &nbsp;During this time period
 the Company also received $195
000 from the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase 975
000 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of $.20 per share.


 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement with the Kae Park
 the Company&#146;s controlling shareholder
 pursuant to which
 in exchange for payment from the Company of $75
500 (or $0.02 per share)
 the shareholder transferred to each purchaser of the Company&#146;s securities that number of shares of common stock equal to the number of shares the purchaser purchased directly from the Company. The purchasers did not pay Ms. Park any consideration for these transfers. Consequently
 in connection with the Company&#146;s sale of an aggregate 3
775
000 shares of common stock
 Ms. Park transferred an aggregate of 3
775
000 shares of common stock to the purchasers in the offerings. The company has accounted for this transaction as a purchase of treasury stock followed by the immediate reissuance of the acquired shares for no consideration.


 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate 78
650
000 shares of its common stock for purchases of domain names.


 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
150
000 shares of common stock valued at $2
061
350 to two employees
 pursuant to their employment agreements.


 2014
 certain shareholders of the Company surrendered to the Company for cancellation 1
675
604 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in accordance with the April 2014 Agreement described in the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission April 15
 2014.







 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate of 3
730
000 restricted shares of its common stock to the shareholders of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. (other than Kuboo
 Inc.
 its parent company)
 in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The Company&#146;s common shares were issued in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the shareholders&#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The Company recorded non-cash settlement expense of $932
500 in connection with this transaction.


 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names in exchange for 78.5 million shares of the Company&#146;s restricted common stock and other considerations (see Note 13 &#150; Related Party Transactions).


 Kae Yong Park
 the Company&#146;s majority shareholder gifted an aggregate of 2
200
000 shares of common stock to certain persons who are employees or otherwise related to the Company. &nbsp;The shares gifted were as follows: &nbsp;2
000
000 shares to John Venners
 one of our directors who is also the President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.
 (one of our significant shareholders)
 100
000 shares to John Gorman
 one of our employees and a former director
 and 100
000 shares to Lauren Barth
 an employee of the Kuboo
 Inc. who provides contract labor to the Company through Kuboo
 Inc. &nbsp;The Company recognized expense of $4
599
000 and $219
000 ($2.19 per share) for the fair market value of these shares as (i) related party consulting expense and (ii) general contract labor
 respectively.




 2014
 all pre-existing warrants outstanding have expired. These warrants had a term of three years and were issued in connection with the payment of certain Company expenses by Kuboo during the quarter ended September 30
 2011 and were subsequently transferred to certain investors.


 2014
 the company granted 400
000 warrants with an exercise price of $0.20 to an investor. &nbsp;These warrants were immediately exercised upon receipt.


 2014 and changes during year then ended is presented below:






Outstanding
 December 31
 2013
1
225
000





400
000




(650
000)




(975
000)



Outstanding
 December 31
 2014





Exercisable
 December 31
 2014










 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to pay the seller $9
500 per month for a period of 12 months
 for consulting services to be provided. This agreement also requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000 (see Note 13 - Related Party Transactions).


 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue. 


 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. &nbsp;







 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $25
000 per month
 a non-accountable monthly expense allowance of $3
500
 the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
 2015 and April 1 2015.












Shares unvested &#150; December 31
 2013







1
650
000


(1
150
000)

Shares unvested &#150; December 31
 2014


500
000




 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $25
000 per month
 a non-accountable monthly expense allowance of $3
500
 the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
 2015 and April 1 2015.


 2014
 Alex Mardakian became CMO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $15
000 per month and the issuance of 500
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CMO.




 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the &#147;treasury stock&#148; method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding option and warrant contracts. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company reflected a net loss
 and the effect of considering any common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 a separate computation of diluted net loss per share is not presented.






Year Ended December 31


















1
225
000










1
225
000














 allocation of the consolidated income tax expense is necessary when separate financial statements are prepared for the affiliates. As a result
 the Company uses a method that allocates current and deferred taxes to members of the consolidated group by applying the liability method to each member as if it were a separate taxpayer.


 2014 and 2013
&nbsp;the Company had net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $2
327
000 and $742
000
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2033. &nbsp;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
 2011 and 2010.


 2014 and 2013 is summarized as follows:








(2
327
008)

(741
614)





(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)


(4
400
148)
(303
824)


2
914
668



382
027



5
212



144
913



953
328
303
824










000 and $304
000 at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &nbsp;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $650
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
 2014.


 2014 and 2013 are as follows:








(4
096
324)

(15
107)


2
914
668



382
027



5
212



144
913



649
504
15
107











By way of background
 Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former majority shareholder
 acquired 10
000
000 shares of our common stock on May 31
 2011 for $250
000 in cash
 and in connection therewith
 acquired control of our company. &nbsp;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 Kuboo
 Inc. paid $36
936 on our behalf in payment of our operating expenses
 consisting primarily of professional and other fees related to being a public company. These payments were treated as a contribution to our capital. Kuboo
 Inc. paid $71 of our expenses during the year ended December 31
 2014. John Bluher
 a member of our board of directors and our CEO
 is Chairman of the Board of Kuboo. &nbsp;John Venners
 also member of our board
 and his spouse
 Angela McGlowan
 are each a member of the Board of Directors of Kuboo
 Inc. Mr. Venners is also President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc. As of March 25
 2015
 Kuboo owns 5
970
000 shares of our outstanding common stock (or about 5.7%). &nbsp;Accordingly
 Kuboo
 Inc. may be deemed an affiliate/related party of our Company.







 we entered into an agreement with certain of our shareholders (&#147;Principal Shareholders&#148;)
 and Kuboo
 Inc. &nbsp;By way of background
 in May 2011
 we
 Kuboo and the Principal shareholders entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (&#147;SPA&#148;) and we and the Principal Shareholders entered into a Principal Shareholders Agreement (&#147;PSA&#148;). &nbsp;Under the April 2014 agreement
 (i) the Principal Shareholders released us and Kuboo from any obligation to pay them an additional $50
000 under the PSA or SPA (or otherwise)
 (ii) we released Kuboo from any obligation under the SPA to pay us the additional $50
000 specified in the SPA
 (iii) the Principal Shareholders agreed to surrender 1
675
604 shares of our common stock to us for cancellation (iv) the Principal Shareholders released us from any obligation to register their Company common stock shares pursuant to section 10.2 of the SPA or otherwise
 and (v) we agreed to include on a piggyback basis an aggregate of 300
000 shares of common stock on each of the next two Securities Act registration statements we files (an aggregate of 600
000 shares of common stock).


 April 9
 2014
 the Principal Shareholders surrendered to us for cancellation 1
675
604 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in accordance with the April 2014 Agreement described above.


 2014
 we issued an aggregate of 3
730
000 restricted shares of our common stock to the shareholders of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. (other than Kuboo
 Inc.
 our then parent company)
 in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The shares were issued in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the shareholders&#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.


 2014
 we completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names (&#147;Acquisition&#148;)
 in exchange for which
 the Company issued to Kae Yong Park
 the seller
 (i) 78.5 million shares of our restricted common stock which represented approximately 81% of our then issued and outstanding common stock and (ii) a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;). The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum. The Note was originally payable as follows: upon our receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the remaining balance of $400
000 was payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month we realize at least $150
000 in gross revenue.


 2014
 we amended and restated the Note owing to Kae Yong Park (our majority shareholder) to provide that we would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the Note. The Note
 as amended and restated
 otherwise remains in full force and effect.


 we agreed to pay Kae Yong Park for any consulting services we may require $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and on the first of each month thereafter. Kae Yong Park has been paid $76
000 for consulting services through December 8
 2014.


 in connection with our raising an additional $917
500 in capital
 including $105
000 in connection with warrant exercises at $.20 per share
 as a further inducement to the purchaser
 Kae Yong Park transferred an aggregate of 3
775
000 shares of our common stock to persons in connection with their purchase from us of a like number of shares. That is
 for each share an investor purchased from us
 Ms. Park transferred one share of common stock to such purchaser. As consideration for her transferring such shares of our common stock to these purchasers
 we paid Ms. Park an aggregate of $75
500 (or $.02 per share).


 2014
 the Company paid an aggregate of $178
378 to the spouse of the Company&#146;s controlling shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 in consideration for the purchase of cannabis related internet domain names and related services rendered. &nbsp;The amounts paid to Howard R Baer for the purchase of cannabis related internet domain names was based upon Mr. Baer&#146;s cost plus a fee for Mr. Baer&#146;s services equal on average to approximately 15% of his cost. &nbsp;


 2014
 the Company paid a total of $270
000 to Kuboo
 Inc.
 a significant shareholder (the President of which is a director of the Company
 and a director of which is our CEO) as payment for rent as well as its portion of salaries/consulting fees related to its use of certain Kuboo employees and consultants
 one of whom is John Venners
 a director
 and one of whom is Howard Baer
 the spouse of our controlling shareholder. 


 Inc. during this period included reimbursements to Kuboo
 Inc. of (i) $62
000 for consulting services rendered by Howard Baer
 the spouse of the Company&#146;s majority shareholder and (ii) 49
000 for consulting services rendered by John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors. &nbsp;During this same time period
 the Company recognized rent expense 34
000 and salary and consulting expenses of 151
950. &nbsp;At December 31
 2014
 the Company had a payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $37
176 for rent
 consulting fees and contract labor.







 2014
 the Company paid $10
000 to Energy Plus
 LLC
 a company owned by John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors
 for consulting services rendered during July and August 2014.


 Kae Yong Park
 advised the Company that on September 3
 2014
 she gifted an aggregate 2
100
000 shares to two related parties of the Company as follows: 2
000
000 shares to John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors and the President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc (a significant shareholder) and 100
000 shares to John Gorman
 an employee and former President and director of the Company. The Company deemed this transfer to be in consideration for services and accordingly recorded a non-cash expense of $4
599
000 ($2.19 per share) for the fair value of the shares transferred. &nbsp;This amount is included in consulting expense &#150; related party on the statement of operations.


 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Through June 30
 2014
 we were renting approximately 1
150 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis for $3
500 per month. Effective July 1
 2014 until April 1
 2015
 we rented approximately 3
235 square feet of space for monthly rent of $4
500. Beginning April 1
 2015
 we began occupying approximately an additional 3
000 square feet of space for no additional rent. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Under this arrangement
 the landlord pays taxes
 utilities and maintenance and repairs.. See Note 14 - Subsequent Events.


 2014
 we entered into a business advisory services agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) with Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 our controlling shareholder. This Agreement supersedes the consulting agreement between us and HR Baer Consulting
 LLC (controlled by Howard R. Baer)
 dated May 30
 2014
 under which no compensation was paid to Mr. Baer and which was terminated effective September 1
 2014. Under the Agreement
 Mr. Baer is required to render such business advisory services to us as we may request
 including with respect to budgeting
 website development and sales and marketing with respect to our various web portals
 including WeedDepot.com. The Agreement provides that Mr. Baer will be paid $15
000 per month for these services and requires Mr. Baer to devote at least 100 hours per month to rendering business advisory services to us. The Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason upon written notice to the other party.


 the Company&#146;s controlling shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 advanced $10
000 to the Company for short-term capital needs. &nbsp;The advance is non-interest bearing and payable on demand. See 




 the Company sold an aggregate 1
194
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $294
750. &nbsp;The company incurred finder&#146;s fees related to these sales of $15
400 which were settled with the issuance of 61
600 shares of common stock. &nbsp;The Company also issued 250
000 shares of common stock to John Bluher
 the Company&#146;s CEO
 pursuant to his employment contract. &nbsp;


 Arizona where we rent space from Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former parent company and a significant shareholder. Through June 30
 2014
 we were renting approximately 1
150 square feet of space on a month-to-month basis for $3
500 per month. Effective July 1
 2014 until April 1
 2015
 we rented approximately 3
235 square feet of space for monthly rent of $4
500. Beginning April 1
 2015
 we began occupying approximately an additional 3
000 square feet of space for no additional rent. &nbsp;Effective May 19
 2015
 we entered into an agreement with Kuboo
 Inc. under which we rent approximately 6
100 square feet on a month to month basis for $11
500 per month. &nbsp;Under this arrangement
 the landlord pays taxes
 utilities and maintenance and repairs.

Since December 31
 2014 and through May 19
 2015
 the Company&#146;s majority stockholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &#147;Park&#148;)
 have advanced the Company $454
500
 including $158
000 advanced since May 14
 2015
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 of which $93
000 has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $361
500 at May 19
 2015. 


 2015
 the Company was indebted to Park in the aggregate the amount of $361
500
 including $158
000 advanced since May 14
 2015. To evidence this indebtedness
 on May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Park a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of up to $403
500 ($361
500 currently outstanding) (&#147;Company Note&#148;). &nbsp;Unpaid principal under the Company Note is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.


000 in advances after May 14
 2015 were made pursuant to an agreement entered into with the Company on May 15
 2015 (the &#147;Funding Agreement&#148;). &nbsp;Under the Funding Agreement
 Park committed to advance the Company a minimum of $200
000
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 subject to Park&#146;s receipt of funding from a third party lender of $300
000. &nbsp;On May 14
 2015
 Park secured a commitment from a third party (&#147;Park Lender&#148;) to advance Park $300
000 in two tranches
 $100
000 on May 14
 2015 and $200
000 on or before May 22
 2015. Park advanced $100
000 to the Company on May 15
 2015 and advanced an additional $58
000 on May 18
 2015.







 (i) the Company agreed to issue the Park Lender warrants to purchase 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share and (ii) Kae Yong Park pledged to the Park Lender 55 million shares of her Company common stock as collateral for Park&#146;s repayment of amounts Park borrowed from the Park Lender (such 55 million shares represent more than a majority of Company common stock outstanding as of the date hereof). &nbsp;Under the note payable by Park to the Park Lender (&#147;Park Note&#148;)
 Park must repay the $300
000 Park Note within sixty days
 unless the Company has not paid her back within such time period
 in which event
 there is an automatic thirty day extension of the maturity date of the Park Note (for a total of ninety days)
 in consideration for which the Company must issue to the Park Lender a warrant to purchase 1 million shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share. &nbsp;


 if Park defaults on the repayment of the $300
000 Park Note
 the Park Lender has the right to take ownership of all of Ms. Park&#146;s 55 million shares of Company common stock pledged thereunder
 without any obligation to remit to Ms. Park proceeds from the collateral in excess of the unpaid obligations under the Park Note. Under the Funding Agreement
 if the Park Lender takes ownership of Ms. Park&#146;s 55 million shares of Company common stock
 the Company (i) must to issue Ms. Park 10 million shares of Company common stock (leaving Ms. Park with a net loss of 45 million shares) and (ii) shall not effect a reverse split of its common stock for a period of two years. 













 2014
 we were notified by our independent registered public accounting firm
 Mantyla McReynolds
 LLC (&#147;Mantyla&#148;) that Mantyla had elected to not stand for reelection as our auditor for business reasons unrelated to the reviews or audited financials of the Company. &nbsp;Mantyla has audited our financial statements since March 8
 2010.


 2013 and 2012 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
 nor was such report qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle
 except for an explanatory paragraph relating to a substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. During the fiscal years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and through August 12
 2014
 there were no disagreements with Mantyla on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure which
 if not resolved to Mantyla&#146;s satisfaction
 would have caused Mantyla to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report.


 2013 and 2012
 and though August 12
 2014
 there were no &#147;reportable events&#148; as defined under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K
 except for material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting.


 2014 and requested that it provide us with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether it agrees with the contents of this disclosure. A copy of that letter
 dated August 12
 2014
 was attached as Exhibit 16.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC August 18
 2014.




 we appointed Wolinetz
 Lafazan &amp; Company
 CPA's
 P.C. (&#147;WL&#148;) as our new independent registered public accounting firm
 effective immediately
 for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2014. This appointment was authorized and approved by our Board of Directors.


 2013 and through August 12
 2014
 we did not consult with WL on any accounting matter for a specified transaction
 completed or proposed
 or consult with WL for the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements
 where a written report or oral advice was provided that WL concluded was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to the accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue. In addition
 we did not consult with WL on any &#147;reportable events&#148; as identified under Item 304(a)(2)(ii) of Regulation S-K.




 2015
 Northsight Capital
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148; or &#147;Registrant&#148;) was notified by its independent registered public accounting firm
 Wolinetz
 Lafazan &amp; Company PC (&#147;WL&#148;) that WL had elected to not stand for reelection as the Company&#146;s auditor for reasons unrelated to the reviews or previously audited financials of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp; WL was appointed as the Registrant&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm on August 12
 2014
 so it has not yet performed an audit of the Company&#146;s financial statements. &nbsp;Mantyla McReynolds
 LLC was the Registrant&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm prior to the appointment of WL.


 2014. &nbsp;&nbsp;WL has never issued a report that contained an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
 or that was qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle During the period of its appointment (August 12
 2014 through April 20
 2015)
 there were no disagreements with WL on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or review scope or procedure which
 if not resolved to WL&#146;s satisfaction
 would have caused WL to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reviews.


 there were no &#147;reportable events&#148; as defined under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K
 except for material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting.


 dated April 22
 2015
 is attached as Exhibit 16.1 to this Form 8-K.









 2015
 the Company appointed Sadler Gibb &amp; Associates LLC
 Certified Public Accountants (&#147;SG&#148;)
 as its new independent registered public accounting firm
 effective immediately
 for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;This appointment was authorized and approved by the Company&#146;s Board of Directors.


 2014 and 2013 and through April 20
 2015
 the Company did not consult with SG on any accounting matter for a specified transaction
 completed or proposed
 or consult with SG for the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company&#146;s financial statements
 where a written report or oral advice was provided that SG concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the Company did not consult with SG on any &#147;reportable events&#148; as identified under Item 304(a)(2)(ii) of Regulation S-K.






 our Management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report were not effective. This was due in large part a lack of duty separation caused by our small corporate structure. &nbsp;As we continue to grow
 Management plans to implement more stringent disclosure controls and procedures. 


 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within us have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.






 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.


&#151;2013
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Financial Controller
 concluded that
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
 based on having insufficient resources to establish an effective control environment during 2014. 






 we hired a financial controller (part-time) to oversee our books and records
 as well as our accounting function. Otherwise
 there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.









ITEM 10:&nbsp;&nbsp;DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




 positions and biographical information are set forth below.










August 13
 2014




August 18
 2014




November 21
 2014 (1)





 2015.



&nbsp;Mr. Bluher has been our CEO and a director since August 13
 2014. The Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Bluher should serve as our CEO and a member of our board of directors based upon his extensive experience in the following areas: capital markets
 investment banking
 financial management
 corporate governance and public company reporting. 


 2013
 Mr. Bluher has been a partner in Britlind Resources
 LLC
 a Texas based oil development and operating company. He is also a partner in World Wide Lottery
 Inc. a company delivering smart phone applications for delivery of content focused in gaming and lottery management.


 2013
 Mr. Bluher has been an EVP and Chief Operating Officer and co-Chairman of the Board of Directors for MusclePharm Corporation where he was involved in a recapitalization and reorganization of the company. Under his guidance the company grew from $.005 per share to over $13.00 per share
 by branding the product line
 redeveloping marketing and distribution chains
 and substantially increasing sales.


 2011
 Mr. Bluher has been chairman of the board of Kuboo
 Inc.
 an Arizona based company focused on developing an internet portal that provides a safe environment for children to use and learn about the internet. &nbsp;Kuboo
 Inc.is a significant shareholder of the Company and may be considered an affiliate of the Company. In addition
 John Banners
 one of our directors
 is also president
 CEO and director of Kuboo
 Inc.


 2010 until July
 2011
 Mr. Bluher
 provided consulting services as a managing director of AFH Holdings
 LLC
 a California based leading private equity
 financial advisory and management consultant firm which would invest in high growth companies
 re-org and re-cap the companies and take them public. Mr. Bluher was responsible for managing transactions
 business development
 developing corporate governance standards and corporate structuring for companies.


 2010
 Mr. Bluher was a portfolio manager of Coachman Energy Funds at Caddis Capital
 LLC
 a private equity portfolio focused on oil and gas investments. Mr. Bluher assisted in raising capital
 marketing and co-managed the fund. From February 2010 to August 2010
 Mr. Bluher acted as investment banker and special financial advisor to the AARP Mutual Fund Board of Trustees in a platform divestiture.


 Mr. Bluher served as managing director and general counsel at Lehman Brothers
 Inc.&#146;s (NYSE:LEH) investment management division. Mr. Bluher also served as global chief legal and compliance officer and managing director of Neuberger Berman
 an investment management firm
 from September 2008 until October 2009.


 Mr. Bluher served as general counsel and director of risk and Janus Capital
 Inc. (NYSE:JNS). From June 2002 to July 2004
 Mr. Bluher served as executive vice president
 general counsel and corporate secretary and director of risk management of Knight Trading Group (NASDAQ:NITE). From January 2001 to May 2002
 Mr. Bluher served as senior vice president and global chief compliance officer for Prudential Securities
 Inc. (NYSE:PRU). From October 1997 to January 2001
 Mr. Bluher served as general counsel and chief compliance officer of Sun America
 Inc. (NYSE:SAI) later (NYSE:AIG). From 1992 &#150; 1997
 Mr. Bluher served as senior vice president
 regional and divisional Counsel at Prudential Securities
 Inc. From 1987 to 1992
 Mr. Bluher was senior counsel for the Division of Enforcement at the Securities and Exchange Commission.







 Series 24 and Series 14 licenses. He has served on the boards of ICI Mutual Insurance Company
 the NASDAQ Chairman&#146;s Advisory Board
 Cherry Hills Founders Group
 Inc.
 MusclePharm Corp. (OTC:BB &#147;MSLP&#148;)
 Targeted Medical Pharma
 Inc. (OTC:BB &#147;TRGM&#148;) and Chairman of the Board of Directors for Safe Communications
 Inc.
 and the University of Wyoming Foundation Board
 and College of Law Advisory Board. Mr. Bluher is a frequent speaker at financial services industry meetings and conferences.

&nbsp;Mr. Venners has
 since August 18
 2014
 served as a member of the board of directors of the Company. He also served as our interim president from May 31
 2011 through March 24
 2014. The Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Venners should serve as a member of our board of directors based upon his experience in governmental relations. 


 2010
 Mr. Venners has been President
 CEO
 and a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 an Arizona based company focused on developing an internet portal that provides a safe environment for children to use and learn about the internet. Kuboo
 Inc.is a significant shareholder of the Company and may be considered an affiliate of the Company. In addition
 John Bluher
 our CEO and one of our directors is also a director of Kuboo
 Inc.


 since May and February
 2011
 also served as Treasurer and director (respectively) of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.
 a subsidiary of Kuboo which was developing a corporate security business.


 2008
 Mr. Venners has served as President of BioEcoTek &#150; Hawaii
 a company engaged in the waste-to-energy business. In June
 2009
 Mr. Venners founded and has since been President of Harbor Energy Capital
 a renewable energy consulting business. Prior to January
 2008 and since 1976
 Mr. Venners was President of Venners and Company
 Ltd.
 a Washington D.C based energy consulting firm.

Mr. Rhoden served as a member of the board of directors of the Company from November 21
 2014 until April 23
 2015. &nbsp;Since 1997
 Randy R. Rhoden has served as President/CEO of Hospitality Management Group (dba) Hospitality Graphics
 a firm that provides design and marketing services to casinos
 resorts and hotels worldwide. The Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Rhoden should serve as a member of our board of directors based upon his experience in the medical marijuana dispensary business.




 as amended (&quot;Section 16(a)&quot;)
 requires our Directors and executive officers
 and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities (collectively
 &quot;Section 16 reporting persons&quot;)
 to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our Common Stock and other equity securities. Section 16 reporting persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


 based solely on a review of the copies of any such reports furnished to us
 none of the Section 16 reporting persons failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to our most recent fiscal year
 except that (i) Kae Park
 our majority shareholder
 failed to include two transactions (dispositions) in a Form 4 Statement of Change of Beneficial Ownership
 which was subsequently corrected by an Amendment of her Form 4 and (ii) John Bluher
 our CEO
 filed his Form 3 Initial statement of Beneficial Ownership late and filed 2 Form 4
 Statements of Change of Beneficial Ownership late (in each case
 one transaction (acquisition from the issuer) was reported late).










 without limitation
 independence
 integrity
 business experience
 education
 accounting and financial expertise
 reputation
 civic
 community and industry relationships and industry knowledge. In nominating an existing director for re-election to the Board of Directors
 the Directors will consider and review an existing director&#146;s Board and Committee attendance
 performance and length of service.









 due to our relatively low material operations and the fact that we presently have only three directors and one executive officer
 we believe that we are able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by an Audit Committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;Following significant increases in our business operations
 a further review of this issue will no doubt be necessary.




 the &#147;Named Executive Officers&#148;) during or with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.








(1
2)



John Bluher
 CEO


$162
500

$50
000

$1
651
500

$23
000

$1
887
000




$15
000



$15
000

Former President
 Treasurer



























 2014
 John Bluher became our CEO. His original agreement provided for a base salary of $25
000 per month
 a non-accountable monthly expense allowance of $2
500
 400
000 shares of our common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
 2015 and April 1 2015. The $50
000 bonus
 consisting of a $25
000 cash payment and 100
000 common shares
 was compensation for his efforts in assisting the company with obtaining additional funding. &nbsp;This compensation was not contingent upon the receipt of capital by the Company. &nbsp;All other compensation consists of $23
000 of non-accountable expense allowance. 




 Secretary and Treasurer on March 24
 2014 and resigned on August 18
 2014
 following the appointment of John Bluher as our CEO. Mr. Gorman was through the date of his resignation being paid an annual salary of $36
000 for serving as our part time and interim President
 treasurer and Secretary.



 Treasurer and Secretary on March 24
 2014.




000 (comprised of $300
000 base salary and $42
000 annual non accountable expense allowance). In addition
 Mr. Bluher&#146;s agreement provides for the following equity compensation: 400
000 shares of our common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
 2015 and April 1
 2015. The Board of Directors
 which also functions as our Compensation Committee
 intends to adopt a performance-based bonus program for the Company&#146;s executive officers.




 but we expect to adopt one in the near term.




 2013 and 2014.




 with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.







 2014
 Directors who were compensated as employees received no additional compensation for service on our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors plans to establish a compensation plan for nonemployee directors
 in connection with our appointment of such director(s).


 in order to align their interests with those of the shareholders
 each non-employee Director may also be granted rights to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price to be determined by the Board of Directors. We also expect that all or a portion of these rights will vest monthly on a pro rata basis over each non-employee Director&#146;s initial term as a Director.








 deferred compensation or long-term incentive plan awards were issued or granted to our management during the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. Furthermore
 no member of our management has been granted any option or stock appreciation rights; accordingly
 no tables relating to such items have been included within this item. 






 2015
 for (i) each person named in the &#147;Summary Compensation Table&#148; as a Named Executive Officer
 (ii) each director individually
 (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group
 and (iv) each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding common stock. The address for our executive officers and directors is in care of Northsight Capital
 Inc.
 7740 East Evans Rd.
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260.











 AZ 85260
65
540
000




1
000
000




2
000
000







Kuboo
 Inc.
5
970
000




 AZ 85260



&nbsp;8
970
000








 all persons have sole voting and investment power over the shares listed. A person is deemed
 as of any date
 to have &#147;beneficial ownership&#148; of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date.



521
796 shares of our common stock outstanding on May 19
 2015 (includes 78
500
000 shares of common stock that were issued in connection with the closing of the acquisition on June 23
 2014).








 Inc.
 and John Venners is also the CEO of Kuboo
 Inc. 



 Inc.



 directly or indirectly
 has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such securities
 and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options
 warrants or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned by that person.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person.&nbsp;&nbsp;At the present time there are no outstanding options or warrants.




 2014 the Company closed a deal to acquire approximately 7
500 domain names for which 78.5 million shares were issued to Kae Yong Park (the seller). &nbsp;Upon this issuance
 Ms. Park became the Company&#146;s majority shareholder. There are no additional present arrangements or pledges of our securities which may result in a change in control of the Company. &nbsp;There are no provisions in our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws that would delay
 defer or prevent a change in control.




 not applicable.

ITEM 13:&nbsp;&nbsp;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE




 Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former majority shareholder
 acquired 10
000
000 shares of our common stock on May 31
 2011 for $250
000 in cash
 and in connection therewith
 acquired control of our company. &nbsp;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 Kuboo
 Inc. paid $35
248 on our behalf in payment of our operating expenses
 consisting primarily of professional and other fees related to being a public company. These payments were treated as a contribution to our capital. Kuboo
 Inc. did not pay any of our expenses during the year ended December 31
 2014. John Bluher
 a member of our board of directors and our CEO
 is Chairman of the Board of Kuboo. &nbsp;John Venners
 also member of our board
 and his spouse
 Angela McGlowan
 are each a member of the Board of Directors of Kuboo
 Inc. Mr. Venners is also President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc. As of March 25
 2015
 Kuboo owns 5
970
000 shares of our outstanding common stock (or about 5.7%). &nbsp;Accordingly
 Kuboo
 Inc. may be deemed an affiliate/related party of our Company.


 we entered into an agreement with certain of our shareholders (&#147;Principal Shareholders&#148;)
 and Kuboo
 Inc. &nbsp;By way of background
 in May 2011
 we
 Kuboo and the Principal shareholders entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (&#147;SPA&#148;) and we and the Principal Shareholders entered into a Principal Shareholders Agreement (&#147;PSA&#148;). &nbsp;Under the April 2014 agreement
 (i) the Principal Shareholders released us and Kuboo from any obligation to pay them an additional $50
000 under the PSA or SPA (or otherwise)
 (ii) we released Kuboo from any obligation under the SPA to pay us the additional $50
000 specified in the SPA
 (iii) the Principal Shareholders agreed to surrender 1
675
604 shares of our common stock to us for cancellation (iv) the Principal Shareholders released us from any obligation to register their Company common stock shares pursuant to section 10.2 of the SPA or otherwise
 and (v) we agreed to include on a piggyback basis an aggregate of 300
000 shares of common stock on each of the next two Securities Act registration statements we files (an aggregate of 600
000 shares of common stock).


 April 9
 2014
 the Principal Shareholders surrendered to us for cancellation 1
675
604 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in accordance with the April 2014 Agreement described above.


 2014
 we issued an aggregate of 3
730
000 restricted shares of our common stock to the shareholders of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. (other than Kuboo
 Inc.
 our then parent company)
 in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The shares were issued in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the shareholders&#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.







 2014
 we completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names (&#147;Acquisition&#148;)
 in exchange for which
 the Company issued to Kae Yong Park
 the seller
 (i) 78.5 million shares of our restricted common stock which represented approximately 81% of our then issued and outstanding common stock and (ii) a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;). The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum. The Note was originally payable as follows: upon our receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was to be paid
 and the remaining balance of $400
000 was payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month we realize at least $150
000 in gross revenue.


 2014
 we amended and restated the Note owing to Kae Yong Park (our majority shareholder) to provide that we would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the Note. The Note
 as amended and restated
 otherwise remains in full force and effect.


 we agreed to pay Kae Yong Park for any consulting services we may require $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and on the first of each month thereafter. Kae Yong Park has been paid $76
000 for consulting services through December 8
 2014.


 in connection with our raising an additional $917
500 in capital
 including $105
000 in connection with warrant exercises at $.20 per share
 as a further inducement to the purchaser
 Kae Yong Park transferred an aggregate of 3
775
000 shares of our common stock to persons in connection with their purchase from us of a like number of shares. That is
 for each share an investor purchased from us
 Ms. Park transferred one share of common stock to such purchaser. As consideration for her transferring such shares of our common stock to these purchasers
 we paid Ms. Park an aggregate of $75
500 (or $.02 per share).


 2014
 the Company paid an aggregate of $178
378 to the spouse of the Company&#146;s controlling shareholder
 Kae Yong Park
 in consideration for the purchase of cannabis related internet domain names and related services rendered. &nbsp;The amounts paid to Howard R Baer for the purchase of cannabis related Internet domain names was based upon Mr. Baer&#146;s cost plus a fee for Mr. Baer&#146;s services equal on average to approximately 15% of his cost. &nbsp;


 2014
 the Company paid a total of $270
000 to Kuboo
 Inc.
 a significant shareholder (the President of which is a director of the Company
 and a director of which is our CEO) as payment for rent as well as its portion of salaries/consulting fees related to its use of certain Kuboo employees and consultants
 one of whom is John Venners
 a director
 and one of whom is Howard Baer
 the spouse of our controlling shareholder. 


 Inc. during this period included reimbursements to Kuboo
 Inc. of (i) $62
000 for consulting services rendered by Howard Baer
 the spouse of the Company&#146;s majority shareholder and (ii) 49
000 for consulting services rendered by John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors. &nbsp;During this same time period
 the Company recognized rent expense 34
000 and salary and consulting expenses of 151
950. &nbsp;At December 31
 2014
 the Company had a payable to Kuboo
 Inc. of $37
176 for rent
 consulting fees and contract labor.


 2014
 the Company paid $10
000 to Energy Plus
 LLC
 a company owned by John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors
 for consulting services rendered during July and August 2014.


 Kae Yong Park
 advised the Company that on September 3
 2014
 she gifted an aggregate 2
100
000 shares to two related parties of the Company as follows: 2
000
000 shares to John Venners
 one of the Company&#146;s directors and the President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc (a significant shareholder) and 100
000 shares to John Gorman
 an employee and former President and director of the Company. The Company deemed this transfer to be in consideration for services and accordingly recorded a non-cash expense of $4
599
000 ($2.19 per share) for the fair value of the shares transferred. &nbsp;This amount is included in consulting expense &#150; related party on the statement of operations.


 2015
 we entered into an agreement with Kuboo
 Inc. under which we rent approximately 6
100 square feet on a month to month basis for $11
500 per month. 






On December 2
 2014
 we entered into a business advisory services agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) with Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 our controlling shareholder. This Agreement supersedes the consulting agreement between us and HR Baer Consulting
 LLC (controlled by Howard R. Baer)
 dated May 30
 2014
 under which no compensation was paid to Mr. Baer and which was terminated effective September 1
 2014. Under the Agreement
 Mr. Baer is required to render such business advisory services to us as we may request
 including with respect to budgeting
 website development and sales and marketing with respect to our various web portals
 including WeedDepot.com. The Agreement provides that Mr. Baer will be paid $15
000 per month for these services and requires Mr. Baer to devote at least 100 hours per month to rendering business advisory services to us. The Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason upon written notice to the other party.


 2014 and through May 19
 2015
 the Company&#146;s majority stockholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &#147;Park&#148;)
 have advanced the Company $454
500
 including $158
000 advanced since May 14
 2015
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 of which $93
000 has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $361
500 at May 19
 2015. 


 2015
 the Company was indebted to Park in the aggregate the amount of $361
500
 including $158
000 advanced since May 14
 2015. To evidence this indebtedness
 on May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Park a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of up to $403
500 ($361
500 currently outstanding) (&#147;Company Note&#148;). &nbsp;Unpaid principal under the Company Note is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.


000 in advances after May 14
 2015 were made pursuant to an agreement entered into with the Company on May 15
 2015 (the &#147;Funding Agreement&#148;). &nbsp;Under the Funding Agreement
 Park committed to advance the Company a minimum of $200
000
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 subject to Park&#146;s receipt of funding from a third party lender of $300
000. &nbsp;On May 14
 2015
 Park secured a commitment from a third party (&#147;Park Lender&#148;) to advance Park $300
000 in two tranches
 $100
000 on May 14
 2015 and $200
000 on or before May 22
 2015. Park advanced $100
000 to the Company on May 15
 2015 and advanced an additional $58
000 on May 18
 2015.


 (i) the Company agreed to issue the Park Lender warrants to purchase 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share and (ii) Kae Yong Park pledged to the Park Lender 55 million shares of her Company common stock as collateral for Park&#146;s repayment of amounts Park borrowed from the Park Lender (such 55 million shares represent more than a majority of Company common stock outstanding as of the date hereof). &nbsp;Under the note payable by Park to the Park Lender (&#147;Park Note&#148;)
 Park must repay the $300
000 Park Note within sixty days
 unless the Company has not paid her back within such time period
 in which event
 there is an automatic thirty day extension of the maturity date of the Park Note (for a total of ninety days)
 in consideration for which the Company must issue to the Park Lender a warrant to purchase 1 million shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share. &nbsp;


 if Park defaults on the repayment of the $300
000 Park Note
 the Park Lender has the right to take ownership of all of Ms. Park&#146;s 55 million shares of Company common stock pledged thereunder
 without any obligation to remit to Ms. Park proceeds from the collateral in excess of the unpaid obligations under the Park Note. Under the Funding Agreement
 if the Park Lender takes ownership of Ms. Park&#146;s 55 million shares of Company common stock
 the Company (i) must to issue Ms. Park 10 million shares of Company common stock (leaving Ms. Park with a net loss of 45 million shares) and (ii) shall not effect a reverse split of its common stock for a period of two years. &nbsp;




 we have elected to use the definition of &#147;independence&#148; set forth in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. After considering all relevant relationships and transactions
 our board of directors has determined that none of our directors are &#147;independent&#148; within the meaning of the applicable listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. The Company does not at this time have separate Audit
 Compensation
 or Nominating and Governance Committees. Instead
 the full board of directors has the responsibility of selecting and working with our independent auditors
 setting executive compensation
 and selecting individuals to be nominated for election to the board of directors. We anticipate enlarging our Board of Directors and filling one or more of the resulting vacancies with directors who are &#147;independent&#148; within the meaning of applicable listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market.









 2014 and 2013:










64
587


11
300




25
217























89
804


11
300







&nbsp;Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning.

&nbsp;Consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants
 other than the services reported under &#147;Audit fees
&#148; &#147;Audit-related fees
&#148; and &#147;Tax fees&#148; above.




 there is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However
 we do require approval in advance of the performance of professional services to be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally
 all services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant.









ITEM 15:&nbsp;&nbsp;EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

















Asset purchase agreement between registrant and Kae Park
 as seller
 dated 05/02/2014 (2)



Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) (3)



Principal Shareholders Agreement
 dated as of May 27
 2011
 by and between the Company and certain shareholders of the Company (4)



Amended and Restated Promissory Note issued to Kae Yong Park July 25
 2014 (5)


Agreement with John Bluher
 CEO
 dated August 13
 2014 (5)


Agreement with Kae Yong Park dated September 23
 2014 (6)


Agreement with Howard R. Baer dated December 2
 2014 (6)











Lease Agreement with Kuboo
 Inc. Dated May 19
 2015*












 2008 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2011 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.

 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.












 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



















John Bluher
 CEO and Director






NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



















John Bluher
 CEO and Director








John P. Venners
 Director




























Northsight Capital
 Inc.

Scottsdale
 AZ 85260




 2015



 AZ 85267

RE: Agreement regarding Loan by Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer to Northsight Capital
 Inc.




 &#147;you&#148; or &#147;Lender&#148;) an aggregate of $300
000
 in two tranches
 the first of which will be $100
000 and the second of which will be $200
Company on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis a minimum of $200
000
subject to your receipt of the $300
000 in funding from Sandor. This is an addition to the $203
000 already owed to you by the Company.


000 to the Company
 subject to your receipt of funding from Sandor
the receipt of any offering proceeds by the Company from and after the date hereof
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise
 to the extent of the funds received from the offering. &nbsp;For the avoidance of doubt
 if the Company receives offering proceeds of $150
000
 the Company shall pay the full amount of such proceeds ($150
000) to you up to the amount then owing under the Note.


000
000 shares of Company common stock to Sandor to secure repayment to Sandor of the $300
000 advanced by it. 


000 back to the you on or before the maturity date of your promissory note to Sandor (as it may be extended)
Sandor exercises his rights under the Pledge Agreement to take ownership of the 55
000
Company common stock pledged by Kae Yong Park
 the Company shall (i) promptly issue Kae Yong Park 10
000
000 shares of common stock for no additional consideration and (ii) the Company shall not effect a reverse split of its common stock for a period of two years from and after the date that Sandor takes ownership of the 55
000
000 shares of the Corporation pledged by Kae Yong Park pursuant to the Pledge Agreement.


 whereupon the Company and you shall be legally bound.





 CEO



































 Arizona

 2015 


 the undersigned
 Northsight Capital
 Inc.
 a Nevada Corporation with a business address of 7740 E. Evans Road
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260 (hereinafter referred to as the &#147;Maker&#148;)
 hereby promises to pay jointly to the order of Kae Yong Park and Howard. R. Baer
 each an individual with a mailing address of PO Box 14110
 Scottsdale
 AZ
 85267 (collectively
 &#147;Holder&#148;)
 the sum of up to FOUR HUNDRED THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($403
000)
 of which $361
000 is outstanding as of the date hereof (consisting of (i) $203
000 in the aggregate advanced prior to the date hereof (evidenced by two promissory notes dated April 2
 2015
 in the aggregate amount of $203
000) and (ii) $158
000 advanced on the date hereof. 

NOTE ISSUED BY MAKER DATED 04/02/2015 IN THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $122
000 PAYABLE TO KAE YONG PARK AND (2) NOTE ISSUED BY MAKER DATED 04/02/2015 IN THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $81
000 PAYABLE TO HOWARD R. BAER.


 the amount of principal due under this Note shall be equal to the amount of advances actually made by the Holder to the Maker
 less any repayments made to Holder by Maker as determined by Maker and Holder&#146;s financial books and records
 including the amount owing as of the date hereof. The Maker acknowledges and agrees that the Holder shall have no obligation to make further advances to the Maker
 and that any further advances shall be at Holder&#146;s sole discretion. &nbsp;All outstanding principal sums shall be paid by Maker
 as set forth below.


 (ii) written demand by the Holder on the Maker
 or (iii) the receipt of any offering proceeds by the Maker from and after the date hereof
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise
 to the extent of the funds received from the offering. &nbsp;For the avoidance of doubt
 if the Maker receives offering proceeds of $150
000 after the date hereof
 the Maker shall pay the full amount of such proceeds to Holder up to the amount then owing under this Note (the &#147;Maturity Date&#148;). There shall be no prepayment penalty. 



&#148; hereunder: (i) Maker&#146;s failure to make any payment when due hereunder; (ii) with respect to Maker
 the commencement of an action seeking relief under federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency statutes or similar laws
 or seeking the appointment of a receiver
 trustee or custodian for Maker or all or part of its assets
 or the commencement of an involuntary proceeding against Maker under federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency statues or similar laws
 which involuntary proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days; or (iii) if Maker makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors. &nbsp;If an Events of Default occurs
 the obligations under this note shall become immediately due and payable without notice or demand. &nbsp;


 including
 without limitation
 reasonable attorneys&#146; fees and expenses incurred
 or which may be incurred
 by Holder in connection with the enforcement and collection of this note. &nbsp;Such costs and expenses shall be payable upon demand for the same and until so paid shall be added to the principal amount of the note. &nbsp;


 demand
 notice
 protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery
 acceptance
 performance and enforcement of this note
 and assent to extensions of the time of payment or forbearance or other indulgence without notice. &nbsp;No delay or omission of Holder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver of any such right or remedy. &nbsp;Acceptance by Holder of any payment after demand shall not be deemed a waiver of such demand. &nbsp;A waiver on one occasion shall not operate as a bar to or waiver of any such right or remedy on any future occasion.


 together with the Letter Agreement between Maker and Holder dated the date hereof contains the entire agreement among Maker and Holder with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
 and supersedes all negotiations
 presentations
 warranties
 commitments
 offers
 contracts and writings prior to the date hereof relating to the subject matter hereof. &nbsp;This instrument may be amended
 modified
 waived
 discharged or terminated only by a writing signed by Maker and accepted in writing by Holder.





 without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. &nbsp;For purposes of any action or proceeding involving this note
 Maker hereby expressly submits to the jurisdiction of all federal and state courts located in the State of Arizona and consents to any order
 process
 notice of motion or other application to or by any of said courts or a judge thereof being served within or without such court&#146;s jurisdiction by registered mail or by personal service
 a reasonable time for appearance is allowed (but not less than the time otherwise afforded by any law or rule)
 and waives any right to contest the appropriateness of any action brought in any such court based upon lack of personal jurisdiction
 improper venue or forum non conveniens. &nbsp;




 as of the date first above written.




Northsight Capital
 Inc.






 CEO



























Northsight Capital
 Inc.

Scottsdale
 AZ 85260




 2015


 TX 75201






 &#147;Lender&#148;) an aggregate of $300
000
 in two tranches
 the first of which will be $100
000 and the second of which will be $200
Company a minimum of $200
000
 subject to Lender&#146;s receipt of funding from Sandor. 


000
000 shares of Company common stock to Sandor to secure its repayment to Sandor of the $300
000 advanced. 


000 to Lender and Lender&#146;s loan to the Company
 the Company agrees to issue Sandor (or his designee) a warrant to purchase 2
000
This warrant will be issued promptly upon Sandor&#146;s completing the $300
000 advance to the Lender.


000 back to the Lender on or before the maturity date of Lender&#146;s promissory note to Sandor (sixty day note)
Sandor has agreed to automatically extend the maturity date of such promissory note an additional thirty days to ninety days
 1
000
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of two years. This warrant will be issued promptly following the automatic extension of Lender&#146;s Note to Sandor in accordance with the terms of the Note.






 intending to be legally bound
 have executed this agreement as an instrument under seal as of the date hereof.





 CEO







 Manager



























LESSOR
 which expression shall include Kuboo
 Inc.
 and its successors and assigns where the context so admits
 does hereby lease to 





 if applicable
 suite number
 floor number
 and square feet)
LESSEE
 which expression shall include Northsight Capital
 Inc.
7740 Est Evans Rd.
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260
 its successors and assigns
 where the context so admits
 and the LESSEE hereby leases the following described premises: the premises located 7740 Est Evans Rd.
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260
 comprised of approximately 6
10 0square feet
 as depicted on Schedule A hereto
 together with the right to use in common
 with others entitled thereto
 the hallways
 stairways
 and elevators
 necessary for access to said leased premises
 and lavatories nearest thereto. The Lessee has occupied a portion of the premises since March
 2014. Through June 30
 2014
 the Lessee was occupying approximately 1
150 square feet of the premises on a month-to-month basis for $3
500 per month. Effective July 1
 2014
 the Lessee began renting approximately 3
235 square feet of space for monthly rent of $4
500. Since around April 1
 2015
 the Lessee has been occupying approximately 6
100 square feet on a month to month basis.











The LESSEE shall pay to the LESSOR fixed rent at the rate of $138
000 per year
 payable in advance in monthly installments of $11
500
 subject to proration in the case of any partial calendar month. All rent shall be payable without offset or deduction.
















If in any tax year commencing with the fiscal year 2015
 the real estate taxes on the land and buildings
 of which the leased premises are a part
 are in excess of the amount of the real estate taxes thereon for the fiscal year 2014 (hereinafter called the &quot;Base Year&quot;)
 LESSEE will pay to LESSOR
 as additional rent hereunder
 when and as designated by notice in writing by LESSOR
50% (fifty percent) of such excess that may occur in each year of the term of this lease or any extension or renewal thereof and proportionately for any part of a fiscal year. If the LESSOR obtains an abatement of any such excess real estate tax
 a proportionate share of such abatement
 less the reasonable fees and costs incurred in obtaining the same
 if any
 shall be refunded to the LESSEE.







The LESSEE shall pay to the LESSOR as additional rent hereunder when and as designated by notice in writing by LESSOR


 including without limitation insurance premiums
 license fees
 janitorial service
 landscaping and snow removal
 employee compensation and fringe benefits
 equipment and materials
 utility costs
 repairs
 maintenance and any capital expenditure (reasonably amortized with interest) incurred in order to reduce other operating expenses or comply with any governmental requirement. This increase shall be prorated should this lease be in effect with respect to only a portion of any calendar year.













(1) LESSEE agrees that in the event the &quot;Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earners and Clerical Workers
 U.S. City Average
 All Items (1982-84=100)&quot; (hereinafter referred to as the &quot;Price Index&quot;) published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor
 or any comparable successor or substitute index designated by the LESSOR appropriately adjusted
 reflects an increase in the cost of living over and above the cost of living as reflected by the Price Index for the month of December
 2014 (hereinafter called the &quot;Base Price Index&quot;)
 the fixed rent shall be adjusted in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) of this Article.

(2) Commencing as of June
 2016 (and each June thereafter)
 there shall be an adjustment (hereinafter referred to as &quot;Adjustment&quot;) in the fixed rent calculated by multiplying the fixed rent set forth in Article 4 by a fraction
 the numerator of which shall be the Price Index for the month of June of the subject year and the denominator of which (for each such fraction) shall be the Base Price Index
 PROVIDED
 HOWEVER
 no Adjustment shall reduce the fixed rent as previously payable in accordance with this Article or Article 4.

(3) In the event the Price Index ceases to use the 1982-84 average of 100 as the basis of calculation
 or if a substantial change is made in the terms or number of items contained in the Price Index
 then the Price Index shall be adjusted to the figure that would have been arrived at had the manner of computing the Price Index in effect at the date of this lease not been changed.





The LESSOR agrees to provide all utility services (including high speed internet) and to furnish reasonably hot and cold water and reasonable heat and air conditioning &nbsp;to the leased premises
 the hallways
 stairways
 elevators
 and lavatories during normal business hours on regular business days of the heating and air conditioning seasons of each year
 to furnish elevator service and to light passageways and stairways during business hours
 and to furnish such cleaning service as is customary in similar buildings in said city or town
 all subject to interruption due to any accident
 to the making of repairs
 alterations
 or improvements
 to labor difficulties
 to trouble in obtaining fuel
 electricity
 service
 or supplies from the sources from which they are usually obtained for said building
 or to any cause beyond the LESSOR's control.


 the installation and maintenance thereof shall be the LESSEE's sole obligation
 provided that such installation shall be subject to the written consent of the LESSOR.












The LESSEE acknowledges that no trade or occupation shall be conducted in the leased premises or use made thereof which will be unlawful
 improper
 noisy or offensive
 or contrary to any law or any municipal by-law or ordinance in force in the city or town in which the premises are situated. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (a) the LESSEE shall not bring or permit to be brought or kept in or on the leased premises or elsewhere on the LESSOR's property any hazardous
 toxic
 inflammable
 combustible or explosive fluid
 material
 chemical or substance
 including without limitation any item defined as hazardous pursuant to applicable federal and state environmental laws; and (b) the LESSEE shall be responsible for compliance with requirements imposed by the Americans with Disabilities Act relative to the layout of the leased premises and any work performed by the LESSEE therein.












The LESSEE shall not permit any use of the leased premises which will make voidable any insurance on the property of which the leased premises are a part
 or on the contents of said property or which shall be contrary to any law or regulation from time to time applicable to the leased premises. The LESSEE shall on demand reimburse the LESSOR
 and all other tenants
 all extra insurance premiums caused by the LESSEE's use of the premises.








The LESSEE agrees to maintain the leased premises in good condition
 damage by fire and other casualty only excepted
 and whenever necessary
 to replace plate glass and other glass therein
 acknowledging that the leased premises are now in good order and the glass whole. The LESSEE shall not permit the leased premises to be overloaded
 damaged
 stripped
 or defaced
 nor suffer any waste. LESSEE shall obtain written consent of LESSOR before erecting any sign on the premises.





The LESSOR agrees to maintain the structure of the building of which the leased premises are a part in the same condition as it is at the commencement of the term or as it may be put in during the term of this lease
 reasonable wear and tear
 damage by fire and other casualty only excepted
 unless such maintenance is required because of the LESSEE or those for whose conduct the LESSEE is legally responsible.





The LESSEE shall not make structural alterations or additions to the leased premises
 but may make non-structural alterations provided the LESSOR consents thereto in writing
 which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. All such allowed alterations shall be at LESSEE's expense and shall be in quality at least equal to the present construction. LESSEE shall not permit any mechanics' liens
 or similar liens
 to remain upon the leased premises for labor and material furnished to LESSEE or claimed to have been furnished to LESSEE in connection with work of any character performed or claimed to have been performed at the direction of LESSEE and shall cause any such lien to be released of record forthwith without cost to LESSOR.






The LESSEE shall not assign or sublet the whole or any part of the leased premises without LESSOR's prior written consent. Notwithstanding such consent
 LESSEE shall remain liable to LESSOR for the payment of all rent and for the full performance of the covenants and conditions of this lease.




This lease shall be subject and subordinate to any and all mortgages
 deeds of trust and other instruments in the nature of a mortgage
 now or at any time hereafter
 a lien or liens on the property of which the leased premises are a part and the LESSEE shall
 when requested
 promptly execute and deliver such written instruments as shall be necessary to show the subordination of this lease to said mortgages
 deeds of trust or other such instruments in the nature of a mortgage
 deeds of trust or other such instruments in the nature of a mortgage.





The LESSOR or agents of the LESSOR may
 at reasonable times
 enter to view the leased premises and may remove placards and signs not approved and affixed as herein provided
 and make repairs and alterations as LESSOR should elect to do and may show the leased premises to others
 and at any time within three (3) months before the expiration of the term
 may affix to any suitable part of the leased premises a notice for letting or selling the leased premises or property of which the leased premises are a part and keep the same so affixed without hindrance or molestation.













The LESSEE shall save the LESSOR harmless from all loss and damage occasioned by anything occurring on the leased premises unless caused by the negligence or misconduct of the LESSOR
 and from all loss damage wherever occurring occasioned by any omission
 fault
 neglect or other misconduct of the LESSEE.








The LESSEE shall maintain with respect to the leased premises and the property of which the leased premises are a part comprehensive public liability insurance in the amount of at least $1
000
000 with property damage insurance in limits of $1
000
000 in responsible companies qualified to do business in Arizona and in good standing therein insuring the LESSOR as well as LESSEE against injury to persons or damage to property as provided. The LESSEE shall deposit with the LESSOR certificates for such insurance at or prior to the commencement of the term
 and thereafter within thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of any such policies. All such insurance certificates shall provide that such policies shall not be cancelled without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to each assured named therein.








Should a substantial portion of the leased premises
 or of the property of which they are a part
 be substantially damaged by fire or other casualty
 or be taken by eminent domain
 the LESSOR may elect to terminate this lease. When such fire
 casualty
 or taking renders the leased premises substantially unsuitable for their intended use
 a just and proportionate abatement of rent shall be made
 and the LESSEE may elect to terminate this lease if:


 or


 casualty or taking.


 and the LESSEE grants to the LESSOR
 all rights which the LESSEE may have for damages or injury to the leased premises for any taking by eminent domain
 except for damage to the LESSEE's fixtures
 property
 or equipment.




















 agreements
 or obligations hereunder and such default shall not be corrected within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof; or


 or
 if any assignment shall be made of LESSEE's property for the benefit of creditors



 while such default continues
 to re-enter and take complete possession of the leased premises
 to declare the term of this lease ended
 and remove the LESSEE's effects
 without prejudice to any remedies which might be otherwise used for arrears of rent or other default. The LESSEE shall indemnify the LESSOR against all loss of rent and other payments which the LESSOR may incur by reason of such termination during the residue of the term. If the LESSEE shall default
 after reasonable notice thereof
 in the observance or performance of any conditions or covenants on LESSEE's part to be observed or performed under or by virtue of any of the provisions in any article of this lease
 the LESSOR
 without being under any obligation to do so and without thereby waiving such default
 may remedy such default for the account and at the expense of the LESSEE. If the LESSOR makes any expenditures or incurs any obligations for the payment of money in connection therewith
 including but not limited to
 reasonable attorney's fees in instituting
 prosecuting or defending any action or proceeding
 such sums paid or obligations insured
 with interest at the rate of &nbsp;&nbsp;percent per annum and costs
 shall be paid to the LESSOR by the LESSEE as additional rent.




Any notice from the LESSOR to the LESSEE relating to the leased premises or to the occupancy thereof
 shall be deemed duly served
 if left at the leased premises addressed to the LESSEE
 or if mailed to the leased premises
 registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 addressed to the LESSEE. Any notice from the LESSEE to the LESSOR relating to the leased premises or to the occupancy thereof
 shall be deemed duly served
 if mailed to the LESSOR by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 addressed to the LESSOR at such address as the LESSOR may from time to time advise in writing. All rent notices shall be paid and sent to the LESSOR at 7740 East Evans Rd.
 Scottsdale AZ 85260.




The LESSEE shall at the expiration or other termination of this lease remove all LESSEE's goods and effects from the leased premises
 (including
 without hereby limiting the generality of the foregoing
 all signs and lettering affixed or painted by the LESSEE
 either inside or outside the leased premises). LESSEE shall deliver to the LESSOR the leased premises and all keys
 locks thereto
 and other fixtures connected therewith and all alterations and additions made to or upon the leased premises
 in good condition
 damage by fire or other casualty only excepted. In the event of the LESSEE's failure to remove any of LESSEE's property from the premises
 LESSOR is hereby authorized
 without liability to LESSEE for loss or damage thereto
 and at the sole risk of LESSEE
 to remove and store any of the property at LESSEE's expense
 or to retain same under LESSOR's control or to sell at public or private sale
 without notice any or all of the property not so removed and to apply the net proceeds of such sale to the payment of any sum due hereunder
 or to destroy such property.





















Except as may be otherwise expressly set forth herein
 the LESSEE shall accept the leased premises &quot;as is&quot; in their condition as of the commencement of the term of this lease
 and the LESSOR shall be obligated to perform no work whatsoever in order to prepare the leased premises for occupancy by the LESSEE.





In the event that the LESSOR is prevented or delayed from making any repairs or performing any other covenant hereunder by reason of any cause reasonably beyond the control of the LESSOR
 the LESSOR shall not be liable to the LESSEE therefor nor
 except as expressly otherwise provided in case of casualty or taking
 shall the LESSEE be entitled to any abatement or reduction of rent by reason thereof
 nor shall the same give rise to a claim by the LESSEE that such failure constitutes actual or constructive eviction from the leased premises or any part thereof.





If rent or any other sum payable hereunder remains outstanding for a period of ten (10) days
 the LESSEE shall pay to the LESSOR a late charge equal to one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the amount due for each month or portion thereof during which the arrearage continues.





No owner of the property of which the leased premises are a part shall be liable hereunder except for breaches of the LESSOR's obligations occurring during the period of such ownership. The obligations of the LESSOR shall be binding upon the LESSOR's interest in said property
 but not upon other assets of the LESSOR
 and no individual partner
 agent
 trustee
 stockholder
 officer
 director
 employee or beneficiary of the LESSOR shall be personally liable for performance of the LESSOR's obligations hereunder.







 day of May
 2015.



 Inc. (Lessee)

 Inc. (Lessor)




 CEO

 CEO













Level 1= 2
300 Sq. Ft.
Level 2 = 1
088 Sq. Ft.







































































































































































































































 John Bluher
 CEO of Northsight Capital
 Inc. certify that:


 Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.













John Bluher
 CEO and Director





Northsight Capital
 Inc.




































 Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Annual Report&#148;)
 I
 John Bluher
 CEO and Director of the Registrant
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Registrant.














John Bluher
 CEO and Director





Northsight Capital
 Inc.



























		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20141231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt











































		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20141231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt









































































































































































































































	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&amp;#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company.&amp;nbsp; John Bluher
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 is our Chief Executive Officer (&amp;#147;CEO&amp;#148;) and member of our board of directors.&amp;nbsp; John Venners
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 also sits on our board of directors.&amp;nbsp; See Note 10 - Related Party Transactions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s principal business is to provide a wide variety of online directories for a broad range of businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products. The following constitute the Company&amp;#146;s major product categories:&amp;nbsp; a monthly listing in one or more of the Company&amp;#146;s online directories
 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&amp;#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&amp;#146;s exclusive use.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;). The interim financial statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments which
 in the opinion of management


 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risk and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of various payments that the Company has made in advance for goods or services to be received in the future. These prepaid expenses include service contracts paid in advance.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment/Web Development Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:57.1%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:51.08%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.2%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt 31.05pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;37%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:37.72%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0.1in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt 31.05pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:51.08%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.2%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 6.1pt 0pt 0in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;37%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:37.72%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:51.08%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.2%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 6.1pt 0pt 25.9pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;37%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:37.72%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt 25.9pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&apos;s carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31
 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;99%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:99.98%;border-collapse:collapse;margin:auto auto auto 0.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.18%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;95%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:95.82%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&amp;#146;s distributors
 resellers or customers. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;margin:auto auto auto 0.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;95%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:95.84%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;99%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:99.98%;border-collapse:collapse;margin:auto auto auto 0.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.18%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;95%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:95.82%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The fee is fixed or determinable. The Company assesses whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the terms associated with the transaction.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;margin:auto auto auto 0.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;95%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:95.84%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Collection is reasonably assured. The Company assesses collectability based on credit analysis and payment history.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising and Promotion&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $25
909 and $0 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The fair values of the Company&amp;#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#147;Financial Instruments
&amp;#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loss Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &amp;nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &amp;nbsp;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per Share Policy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share.&amp;#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &amp;nbsp;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On June 10
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-10
 which reduces some of the disclosure and reporting requirements for development stage entities. The change will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014. As of such date
 among other things
 development stage entities will no longer be required to report inception-to-date information. The Company has chosen to early adopt this standard as of these financial statements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &quot;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&quot; (&amp;#147;ASU 2014-09&amp;#148;)
 which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition
&amp;#148; and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts.&amp;#148; ASU 2014-09&amp;#146;s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today&amp;#146;s guidance
 including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2017 and
 at that time
 the Company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has determined the effect of ASU 2014-09 on its ongoing financial reporting.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &quot;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&quot; ASU 2014-08 changes the criteria for reporting a discontinued operation. Under the new pronouncement
 a disposal of a part of an organization that has a major effect on its operations and financial results is a discontinued operation. The Company is required to adopt ASU 2014-08 prospectively for all disposals or components of its business classified as held for sale during fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2014. The adoption of ASU 2014-08 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements or disclosures.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&amp;#147;ASU 2014-15&amp;#148;). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15


481
487 and have had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company raised approximately $2.2 million in capital through the sale of its common stock and exercise of warrants.&amp;nbsp; Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In the event the Company does not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of its common stock or from debt financing
 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition


 during the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company capitalized $339
162 towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &amp;#147;yellow pages.&amp;#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $91
211 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The Company amortizes web development costs over their related useful lives (approximately 1 to 5 years)
 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the year ended December 31
 2014.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amortization Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$339
162&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;(11
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:3in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;327
912&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:1in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company capitalized $353
722 incurred in connection with the purchase of rights for certain internet domain names. Domain name assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable
 or at least annually. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&apos;s carrying value and estimated fair value. Due to the uncertainty of Company&amp;#146;s ability to generate future cash flows through the rental of its domain names
 the Company recorded full impairment charges of $353
722
 which is included in general and administrative expenses
 related to these assets during the year ended December 31
 2014. &amp;nbsp;The Company does not have any intangible assets at December 31


 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
437&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
437&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(1
471)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;10
966&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company records depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the related asset (approximately 3 years). The Company recorded depreciation expense of $1
471 during the year ended December 31


 2014
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $56
676 which consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;margin:auto auto auto 30.75pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Party Name:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Relationship:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Kae Park&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Majority shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$9.500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Kae Park&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Majority shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Advances&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Kuboo
 Inc. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Former parent company
 significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Rent
 contract labor&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;37
176&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:82.65pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:211.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:94.5pt;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.2in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;background-color:transparent;padding-left:5.4pt;width:0.8in;padding-right:5.4pt;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;padding-top:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;56


 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue (see Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt&apos;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&amp;#146;s majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014


 2014
 the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares from 100
000
000 to 200
000
000. The Company also eliminated its authorized preferred shares.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company sold 8
284
000 shares of its common stock for $2
054
750 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&amp;#146;s fees of $9
200
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $27
500 in cash
 $88
950 through the issuance of 405
800 shares of common stock.&amp;nbsp; During this time period
 the Company also received $195
000 from the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase 975
000 shares of common stock
 at an exercise price of $.20 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In connection with certain security sales during the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement with the Kae Park
 the Company&amp;#146;s controlling shareholder
 pursuant to which
 in exchange for payment from the Company of $75
500 (or $0.02 per share)
 the shareholder transferred to each purchaser of the Company&amp;#146;s securities that number of shares of common stock equal to the number of shares the purchaser purchased directly from the Company. The purchasers did not pay Ms. Park any consideration for these transfers. Consequently
 in connection with the Company&amp;#146;s sale of an aggregate 3
775
000 shares of common stock
 Ms. Park transferred an aggregate of 3
775
000 shares of common stock to the purchasers in the offerings. The company has accounted for this transaction as a purchase of treasury stock followed by the immediate reissuance of the acquired shares for no consideration.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate 78
650
000 shares of its common stock for purchases of domain names.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
150
000 shares of common stock valued at $2
061
350 to two employees
 pursuant to their employment agreements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In April
 2014
 certain shareholders of the Company surrendered to the Company for cancellation 1
675
604 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock in accordance with the April 2014 Agreement described in the Company&amp;#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission April 15
 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In April
 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate of 3
730
000 restricted shares of its common stock to the shareholders of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. (other than Kuboo
 Inc.
 its parent company)
 in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The Company&amp;#146;s common shares were issued in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the shareholders&amp;#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The Company recorded non-cash settlement expense of $932
500 in connection with this transaction.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In May 2014
 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names in exchange for 78.5 million shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock and other considerations (see Note 13 &amp;#150; Related Party Transactions).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In September 2014
 Kae Yong Park
 the Company&amp;#146;s majority shareholder gifted an aggregate of 2
200
000 shares of common stock to certain persons who are employees or otherwise related to the Company.&amp;nbsp; The shares gifted were as follows:&amp;nbsp; 2
000
000 shares to John Venners
 one of our directors who is also the President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.
 (one of our significant shareholders)
 100
000 shares to John Gorman
 one of our employees and a former director
 and 100
000 shares to Lauren Barth
 an employee of the Kuboo
 Inc. who provides contract labor to the Company through Kuboo
 Inc.&amp;nbsp; The Company recognized expense of $4
599
000 and $219
000 ($2.19 per share) for the fair market value of these shares as (i) related party consulting expense and (ii) general contract labor


 2014
 all pre-existing warrants outstanding have expired. These warrants had a term of three years and were issued in connection with the payment of certain Company expenses by Kuboo during the quarter ended September 30
 2011 and were subsequently transferred to certain investors.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On September 9
 2014
 the company granted 400
000 warrants with an exercise price of $0.20 to an investor.&amp;nbsp; These warrants were immediately exercised upon receipt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#146;s outstanding stock warrants as of December 31
 2014 and changes during year then ended is presented below:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Remaining Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.75&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expired/Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(650
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(975
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercisable
 December 31


 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to pay the seller $9
500 per month for a period of 12 months
 for consulting services to be provided. This agreement also requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&amp;#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000 (see Note 13 - Related Party Transactions).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&amp;#146;s majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On August 13
 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $25
000 per month
 a non-accountable monthly expense allowance of $3
500
 the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1


 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.96%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.7%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.96%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
650
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.7%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.96%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(1
150
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.7%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Shares unvested &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.96%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On August 13
 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $25
000 per month
 a non-accountable monthly expense allowance of $3
500
 the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
 2015 and April 1 2015.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On August 13
 2014
 Alex Mardakian became CMO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $15
000 per month and the issuance of 500


 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the &amp;#147;treasury stock&amp;#148; method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding option and warrant contracts. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company reflected a net loss
 and the effect of considering any common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 a separate computation of diluted net loss per share is not presented.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;The following securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share for the periods presented because including them would have been antidilutive&lt;/font&gt;:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;74%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:74.88%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60.94%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;34%&quot; colspan=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:34%;background:white;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 8pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60.94%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:16.22%;background:white;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; colspan=&quot;4&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:17.54%;background:white;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 8pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;60%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60.94%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Warrants (exercise price - $0.20/share)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.12%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:16.48%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.02%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;60%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60.94%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.12%;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:16.48%;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
225


 allocation of the consolidated income tax expense is necessary when separate financial statements are prepared for the affiliates. As a result
 the Company uses a method that allocates current and deferred taxes to members of the consolidated group by applying the liability method to each member as if it were a separate taxpayer.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2014 and 2013
&amp;nbsp;the Company had net operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $2
327
008 and $741
614
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2033. &amp;nbsp;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
 2011 and 2010.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The deferred tax asset at December 31
 2014 and 2013 is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;452&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:339.1pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Tax Footnote&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:70.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;97&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Cumulative NOL&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(2
327
008)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(741
614)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Deferred Tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(4
400
148)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(303
824)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
914
668&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;382
027&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5
212&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Impairment Expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;953
328&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;303
824&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:windowtext 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company has taken a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately $943
000 and $304
000 at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &amp;nbsp;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $639
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&amp;#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;465&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:348.6pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:70.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;97&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Book income (loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(4
096
324)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(15
107)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
914
668&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;382
027&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5
212&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Impairment Expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;639
262&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;15


 the Company sold an aggregate 1
194
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $294
750.&amp;nbsp; The company incurred finder&amp;#146;s fees related to these sales of $15
400 which were settled with the issuance of 61
600 shares of common stock.&amp;nbsp; The Company also issued 250
000 shares of common stock to John Bluher
 the Company&amp;#146;s CEO
 pursuant to his employment contract.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Effective May 19
 2015
 we entered into a new rental agreement with our affiliate
 Kuboo
 under which we are renting approximately 3
235 square feet of space for monthly rent of $4
500. This agreement confirms the terms and conditions under which the Company has been using this space since July
 2014.&amp;nbsp; Under this new agreement
 the landlord continues to pay the taxes
 utilities and maintenance and repairs. The monthly rent also still includes internet
 a shared conference room and employee lounge area.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Since December 31
 2014 and through May 19
 2015
 the Company&amp;#146;s majority stockholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &amp;#147;Park&amp;#148;)
 have advanced the Company $454
500
 including $200
000 advanced since May 14
 2015
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 of which $93
000 has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $403
500 at May 19
 2015. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;As of May 19
 2015
 the Company was indebted to Park in the aggregate the amount of $403
500
 including $200
000 advanced since May 14
 2015. To evidence this indebtedness
 on May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Park a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of $403
500 (&amp;#147;Company Note&amp;#148;).&amp;nbsp; Unpaid principal under the Company Note is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) an &amp;#147;event of default&amp;#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;The additional $200
000 in advances after May 14
 2015 were made pursuant to an agreement entered into with the Company on May 15
 2015 (the &amp;#147;Funding Agreement&amp;#148;).&amp;nbsp; Under the Funding Agreement
 Park committed to advance the Company a minimum of $200
000
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 subject to Park&amp;#146;s receipt of funding from a third party lender of at least $200
000.&amp;nbsp; On May 14
 2015
 Park secured a commitment from a third party (&amp;#147;Park Lender&amp;#148;) to advance Park $300
000 in two tranches
 $100
000 on May 14
 2015 and $200
000 on or before May 22
 2015. Park advanced $100
000 to the Company on May 15
 2015 and advanced an additional $100
000 on May 18
 2015.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;In order to secure the funding commitment from the Park Lender and enable Park to fund the Company
 (i) the Company agreed to issue the Park Lender warrants to purchase 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share and (ii) Kae Yong Park pledged to the Park Lender 55 million shares of her Company common stock as collateral for Park&amp;#146;s repayment of amounts Park borrowed from the Park Lender (such 55 million shares represent more than a majority of Company common stock outstanding as of the date hereof).&amp;nbsp; Under the note payable by Park to the Park Lender (&amp;#147;Park Note&amp;#148;)
 Park must repay the $300
000 Park Note within sixty days
 unless the Company has not paid her back within such time period
 in which event
 there is an automatic thirty day extension of the maturity date of the Park Note (for a total of ninety days)
 in consideration for which the Company must issue to the Park Lender a warrant to purchase 1 million shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Under the Pledge Agreement
 if Park defaults on the repayment of the $300
000 Park Note
 the Park Lender has the right to take ownership of all of Ms. Park&amp;#146;s 55 million shares of Company common stock pledged thereunder
 without any obligation to remit to Ms. Park proceeds from the collateral in excess of the unpaid obligations under the Park Note. Under the Funding Agreement
 if the Park Lender takes ownership of Ms. Park&amp;#146;s 55 million shares of Company common stock

	

 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets


 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks


 2014 and 2013

	

 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:57.1%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:51.08%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;11%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:11.2%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt 31.05pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;37%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:37.72%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0.1in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt 31.05pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;51%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:1pt;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:51.08%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture


 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&apos;s carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31


 resellers or customers. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;margin:auto auto auto 0.15pt&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;4%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:4.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;?&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;95%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:95.84%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred


 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $25
909 and $0 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013


 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31


 &amp;#147;Financial Instruments
&amp;#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31


 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &amp;nbsp;In regards to legal costs


 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share.&amp;#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &amp;nbsp;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2014 and 2013


 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-10
 which reduces some of the disclosure and reporting requirements for development stage entities. The change will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014. As of such date
 among other things
 development stage entities will no longer be required to report inception-to-date information. The Company has chosen to early adopt this standard as of these financial statements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &quot;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&quot; (&amp;#147;ASU 2014-09&amp;#148;)
 which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition
&amp;#148; and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts.&amp;#148; ASU 2014-09&amp;#146;s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today&amp;#146;s guidance
 including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2017 and
 at that time
 the Company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has determined the effect of ASU 2014-09 on its ongoing financial reporting.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &quot;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&quot; ASU 2014-08 changes the criteria for reporting a discontinued operation. Under the new pronouncement
 a disposal of a part of an organization that has a major effect on its operations and financial results is a discontinued operation. The Company is required to adopt ASU 2014-08 prospectively for all disposals or components of its business classified as held for sale during fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2014. The adoption of ASU 2014-08 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements or disclosures.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&amp;#147;ASU 2014-15&amp;#148;). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15




250 related to several web sites put into service during the year ended December 31
 2014.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amortization Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;339
162&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(11
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;327


 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
437&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
437&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(1
471)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;10


 2014
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $56
676 which consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse;margin:auto auto auto 30.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Party Name:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Relationship:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Kae Park&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Majority shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;9.500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Kae Park&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Majority shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Advances&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;10
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Kuboo
 Inc. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Former parent company
 significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Rent
 contract labor&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;37
176&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;110&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:82.65pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;282&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:211.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1.5pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;56


 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.96%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.7%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.96%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
650
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.7%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.96%;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(1
150
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:81.7%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Shares unvested &amp;#150; December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.16%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.96%;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;500


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 8pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;60%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60.94%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:16.22%;background:white;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17%&quot; colspan=&quot;4&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:17.54%;background:white;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 8pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;60%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60.94%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Warrants (exercise price - $0.20/share)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.12%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:16.48%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.02%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;60%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:60.94%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.08%;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:15.12%;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;1%&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1.06%;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16%&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:black 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:16.48%;background:white;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0.75pt;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0.75pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
225


 2014 and changes during year then ended is presented below:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:0.5in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Remaining Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
225
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:windowtext 1pt solid;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.75&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expired/Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(650
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(975
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;77&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.8in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:0.2in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:1in;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;288&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:3in;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:5.4pt;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:5.4pt;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercisable
 December 31


 2014 and 2013 is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;452&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:339.1pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Tax Footnote&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:70.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;97&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Cumulative NOL&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(2
302
009)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(741
614)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Deferred Tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(4
294
041)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(303
824)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
818
803&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;382
027&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5
212&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Impairment Expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;226&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:169.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:12.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;943
086&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:14.1pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;303


 2014 and 2013 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;465&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;width:348.6pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;94&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:70.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;97&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:72.4pt;border-bottom:windowtext 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Book income (loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(3
990
217)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(15
107)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
818
803&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;382
027&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5
212&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Impairment Expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:0.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;238&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:178.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;639
262&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;18&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;width:13.6pt;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#f0f0f0;height:0.1in;border-right:#f0f0f0;background:white;border-bottom:#f0f0f0;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#f0f0f0;padding-right:0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;15

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			



		


		




				


				




		















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20141231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt








		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		


		


		






		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets







		
		


		


		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners

















		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		





 net of income taxes



		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		






		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		
		


		
		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		


		
		



 net of $1



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		






		


		


		
		


		


		



000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 104
019
196 and 12
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 2013



		
		



 Inc.


 Inc.



		


		


		

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale



		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale



		
		
		


		
		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 before tax effects



		
		


		
		
		
		


		
		


		

 treating



		
		


		
		


		




		


		






		


		
		


		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		
		
		


		






		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		



 Inc Former parent company
 significant shareholder Rent


 Inc Former parent company
 significant shareholder Rent



		
		






		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		








		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		






		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 treating



		
		


		






		





 net of income taxes



		
		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		






		


		






		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		



 2011 (&quot;SPA&quot;) with Safe Communications
 Inc.


 2011 (&quot;SPA&quot;) with Safe Communications
 Inc.



		
		
		


		


		
		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		


		


		

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm&apos;s shareholders and owners



		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		



 net of $11



		


		


		
















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.nsc.com/20141231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				












































































































































































































































































begin 644 f10k123114_10k001.jpg

#$T

M!`````$```
@H`
`!`````$```%/``````````8!`P`#`````0`&```!&@`%

0``86-S

`````````
M$G-21T(@245#-C$Y-C8M

V
3DV-BTR
M+C$`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````%A96B````````#S40`!`````1;
6%E:(```````````````````
M``!865H@````````;Z(``#CU```#D%A96B````````!BF0``MX4``!C:6%E:

2!$969A=6QT(%)'0B!C

M:6X@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ``````````````````````````````````!V:65W





M3H)3PED7D)CPFD;H)SPGE?L*$0HGCT*5`IJH$*F`JNL4*W`KSPL+
M(@LYU$+:0N`Y@+L`O(^$+^0P2#H

C@RG#
`
V0SS#0T-)@U`

081!^$)L0N1#7$/41$Q$Q$4\1;1&

M$F02A!*C$L
2XQ
#$R
30Q-C$X
3I!/%$^44!A0G%$D4:A2+%*T4SA3P%1(5




M'VD?E!^_'^H@%2!!(&P@F#$(/`A'%((74AH2'.(?LB)R)5(H(BKR+=(PHC


.

M9$F0.=!*4%J0:Q![D(P0G)M4+W0SI#?4/`1`-$1T2*1
Y%$D5519I%WD8B







F+B9))F0F?R::)K5FT*;

MI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@J%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/JP*K=:OIK%RLT*U$K;BN+:ZAKQ:O


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6
/4Q%'$


MT#G0NM$\T;[2/]+!TT33QM1)U

*^!GXJ/DX^<?Z5_KG^W?\!_R8_2G]NOY+_MS_;?__
M_^T`#$%D;V)E7T--``'_[@`.061O8F4`9(`````!_]L`A``,`@(0@,0D
M$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
M$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P

M!0$!`0$!`0`````````!``(#!`4&!P@)@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0


P$`

A
M










H&Q_T;






@^:1CA![1/S_XSUZ2I6=;


)@68D#N0F5&OJ^/;F'%JJNL#7FI^0VLFEMC1[ZW6_R8V;_YKU/T
M>_U%>61CNLZ9U-V%;KAY]C[

#


3W;W-?N]

5WJ.OQGY0+'-L]-U65OI^S_\`@WYZ

M@@_]3_*:Y&67]612.C4^D]UDNM=:7L])PM=;8_*J=1KZ7I9#K:O3W?\`7+%J
M)X-@%IY(B
Y1%U&1`O?1_]'U#*QJ
O'LQLE@MHN:66
/!!7FS#E_4?ZR[7N?


N:YKFAS2'-<)!&H(/<*IF_TO



2XWL#&EMA

MK-O[WT/^NJ1SVLSI^$SIV-CMR*?MF-;4]V1`EUC'MR+^^_\`3-]7\_\`PB:G

.YK

^@S])L_
MX+T_\)8I
Z;E


M/3


M
R*;;

8:P;&#_-KYO]+P/^.=_YYO5Q5LFFRS(Q'L$MIM<^PSP#5;7_P!78U2-


M*(D*++@SSPS$X'7;7Y91_=D^=Y'7_KU;@W=

MV;?[OIL_1+H/J'TO/Z7T:RG/J-%ME[K6

M5)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*
MJ22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22G_]G_[2'`4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X








M]0``````2``O9F8``0!L9F8`!@```````0`O9F8``0AF9H`!@```````0`R
M`````0!:````!@```````0`U`````0`M````!@```````3A24T#^```````

M__________\#Z`````#_____________________________`^@`````____
M_________________________P/H```X0DE-!`````````(``#A24T$`@``
M`````@``.$))300P```````!`0`X0DE-!T```````8``0````(X0DE-!`@`

M```#.P````8``````````````4\```
@`````P!P`&D`8P````$`````````
M`````````````````0`````````````#(````4\`````````````````````

@

````!3V)J8P````$```````5S;&EC90```!(````'



969T;&]N9P``````

M`0```````&YU;&Q415A4`````0```````$US9V5415A4`````0``````!F%L


M06QI9VX````'9&5F875L=`````EV97)T06QI9VYE;G5M````#T53;&EC959E


```'@
M``!]H```&1X`&``!_]C_X@Q824-#7U!23T9)3$4``0$```Q(3&EN;P(0``!M
M;G1R4D=(%A96B`'S@```D`!@`Q``!A8W-P35-&5`````!)14




V
3DV-BTR+C$`

@-C$Y-C8M
BXQ

M14
@-C$Y-C8M


$`Q@#+`-``
MU0#;`.``Y0#K`/``]@#[`0$!!P$-`1
!&0$?`24!*P$R`3@!/@%%`4P!4@%9


M`NL]0,``PL#%@,A`RT#.`-#`T\#6@-F`W(#?@.*`Y8#H@.N`[H#QP/3`^`#
M[`/Y!`8$$P0@!T$.P1(!%4$8P1Q!'X$C`2:!*@$M@3$!-


MC`:=!J\&P`;1!N







0@

X(V8CE/(_`D'R1-)'PDJR3:

M.EK*9TITH*C4J:J;*L\K`BLV*VDKG2O1+`4L.2QN+*(LURT
+4$M=BVK


&PPI##;

]
92,5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4VU4H5755



DZ
MR;G*.
MPZ_OL
MANT1[9SN*.ZT[T#OS/!8\.7Q<O'_\HSS&?.G]#3TPO50]=[V;?;[]XKX&?BH
M^3CYQ_I7^N?[=_P'_)C]*?VZ_DO^W/]M____[0`,061O8F5?0TT``?_N``Y!
M9&]B90!D@`````'_VP$``P(`@)`P)0P1PH+$14/#`P/%1@3$Q43$Q@1
M#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P!#0L+#0X-$`X.
M$!0.#@X4%`X.#@X4$0P
#`P
$1$
#`P
#`P1#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#/_``!$(`$
`H`
!(@`$0$#$0'_W0`$``K_Q`$_```!!0$!
M`0$!`0`````````#``$!`4&!P@)@L!``$%`0$!`0$!``````````$``@,$
M!08'`D*Q```00!`P($`@4'!@@%`PPS`0`$0
$(1(Q!4%181

MH;%(R054L%B,S1R@M%#!R624_#A\6-S-1:BLH,F1)-49$7HW0V%])5XF7R


%
H&1%*&Q0B/!
M4M'P
R1BX7*DD-3%6-S-/$E!A:BLH,')C7TD235*
79$55-G1EXO*SA
/3

M`P$``A$#$0`_`/54EPO7/K3UOJ'5W]%^K@+34YS'VM#=[G
]MWON_1445/\`




M+)APSS3$
8N1_EJ]
DO/:Z/\9V2P9@M?62`YM3C36XC_`

]FUVZO]&A&=FJ(\V7/ROM1XO=QY


M_`9C?9;_`
+_`

R@;'_1OI)DUV#Z59/YW_``;_`
^M1XS5
MP.X;_/Q]T1YJ&L

M@VK+&55OML.UE;2YSCV`$N*\\^I6




MG$=M6]RY]OD^8R#YI&.$'M$_/_C/7I*E9UOHM5CJK
_&9962U['75AS7#1S7
M-+_:YJ/BYF)F5FW$OKR*P=I?4]KVAPUV[F%WN]RDL-

MG-^@I=
_IO5?_#3?_;?%63B6YCOJC;590VO&'3K/3O\`4#BX^F8W5;!Z?M]W

M*G?9GEAVV-KR?HN]W^$_F;/\%8L?J.3;F8F;DTL?C?LKIV3639#;3;=57:S;
M6TNVU





_3/9_







M-G_!K/P.F759F!ZG4:

M_!QNI_[;]B!`*^&64!(#:6^E[C@T_P`&3E4]
R
!G3CB=1Q:[

S(IMLRFFPO?D65Y63;LJMQ]MO



RUC
M

C`Q
B\P-2\P
RTQ
SHT
#HP
R`@(`@(`@(CX@







O96QE;65N='
O

M;G










3-$
49%-#$Q0C
P


M9CIL:2!S=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX](G-A=F5D(B!S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/2)X
M;7`N:6ED.C4Y
3$U-#$Q
T0Q1D4T
3%,S`Q1$9!-T)$0C4R,#!%(B!S=$5V
M=#IW:&5N/2(R,#$T+3`X+3`X5#$T.C0V.C(W+3`V.C`P(B!S=$5V=#IS;V9T
M=V%R94%G96YT/2)!9&]B92!0:&]T;W-H;W`@16QE;65N=',@,3(N,!7:6YD

M/2)D97)I=F5D(B!S=$5V=#IP87)A;65T97)S/2)C;VYV97)T960@9G)O;2!A

M+SX@/')D9CIL:2!S=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX](G-A=F5D(B!S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC
M94E$/2)X;7`N:6ED.C5!
3$U-#$Q
T0Q1D4T

C`P

3-$
49%-#$Q
M0C
P

S`Q1$9!-T)$0C4R
#!%(B\^(#PO

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M:W!T```!````!1R6%E:```&````!1G6%E:```+````!1B6%E:```0```
M`!1D;6YD```5````'!D;61D```Q````(AV=65D```#3````(9V:65W```#
MU````1L=6UI```#^````!1M96%S```$#````1T96-H```$
`````QR5%)#


M.38V+3(N
0``````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````6%E:(````````/-1``$````!%LQ865H@````````````

`````````%DE%0R!H='1P.B\O
M=W=W+FEE8RYC:```````````````%DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:```
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````!D



M0S8Q.38V+3(N
0``````````````+%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I
M=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$`````````````````````````````````






``PL#%@
A`RT#.`-#`T\#

4)^PH1B<*/0I4FH*@0J8JX*Q0K<
MO
+PLBSD+40MIX`+F`NP\@+X0OY#!(
*@Q##%P

P`S9#/
-


M!Q(F$D429!*$$J
2PQ+C$P
3(Q-#$V



;HQ\C(J
F
RFS+4
PTS1C-_
[@S\30K-&4TGC38
M-1



M2^)

M
5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4VU4H5755PE8/5EQ6J5;W5T17DE?@6]8?5C+



=2AUA77A=CYVFW;X

MB&F(SHDSB9F)_HIDBLJ+
(N6B_R
8XS*C3&-F(W_CF:.SH\VCYZ0!I!ND-:1
IJ:H<JH^K`JMUJ^FL7*S0K42MN*XM
MKJ&O%J^+L`P=;#JL6QUK)+LL*S.+.NM6TG+43M8JV`;9YMOW:+?@N%FX




M\HSS&?.G]#3TPO50]=[V;?;[]XKX&?BH^3CYQ_I7^N?[=_P'_)C]*?VZ_DO^
MW/]M____[@`.061O8F4`9$`````!_]L`A```@(`@(`@(`P(`@,$`P(

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M`0
#`P4$!0D&!@D-@D*#0\.#@X.#P\,#`P,#`\/#`P,#`P,#PP,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`S_P``1`%/`R`#`1$``A$!`Q$!_]T`!`!D

!`0$!`0``
M```````!``(#!`4&!P@)@L0``(!`P,!`(&!P


$(1(Q0051
M$V$B!G&!D3*AL?`4P='A(T(54F)R\3

G_41#DCR0'Z%9%+L5=BKL
M5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL
M5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL
M5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL
M5=BKL5=BKL5=BK__T?OYBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=
MBJU_L-\L5?GO_P`XN?\`DW_/G_
#)_U$0Y(\D!^A612[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J__]+[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78JM?[#?+%7Y
M[_\`.+G_`)-_SY_S`R?]1$.2/)`?H5D4NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__3^_F*



M
:*.;;G_`('$:K$?X@C)[*]J0YX)/2]$\U^7?


MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
M_]7[^8J[%7BOYN_GY^77Y


U//+W-AY6]#R7H
M
6?G7#\!0
M/VOBW5]:U77[V74=9OI-0OIF+2W
I!9BQJ2:`=3FOE(R-E]`P:?'@B(8Q0'1

MEXT2:?YD&L:?O%-*U17EMP*U^S#)W_``W?

M'K&@?M!?HY^4'_.?_D7S?-:Z1^8-J/)^KSN46^CBGDLW/&H`6
7#+4U%6:F;

_YF

UYK!DKR]=@1N:]@
P)YISYFWN]'V/I-&*PXQ'W
%RMV5.!*FH


M)/L[\LO^?AWG_09+:Q_


ML5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK
ML5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK
.VMK=2\T\K!$51W+,0!@)IE$ID1B+)?D_


MO-+(Q-26=R6)^9S3DDFR^QXL

41`$8CD`*'R06!L=BKL5=BKL5=BK]F/\`
MGVI_Y+/SY_X$Y_Z@K;-]V3]!][X)_P`%K_'L/__]])^DF;5\G=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5


CT=EV1V;D[1U4-/#G(_8-S]@+^;[\S?S#UW\T/
<-=NI)Y]4O)YK6!^(6W@DE9XX5@B*0OT9RF;*<DC(OU=V/V7B[-TT
M&

M4L=_J3S(\\



MD/I-O2]G_P#!7TTR!J






M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%






M*@9@O)V)``!89/'CEDE47`[2[2P=GX3FS2J(?N7_`
X[?\XE^4?R;L;?5M6B
MCUWSI*I:?4WH5M^5!PA(2




M^FLRWD78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7__T85_SE;YLD\W_GGY
MUOC+ZMO8W'U*P()($*$R``_.0YRVMGQY27ZI]B]$-)V5BC6Y%GW\OT/G3
5Z




M'TD+A0?%J4&1G

MO;N1=-0EB$M8SP@`Y;_W:K7.4U&4Y9F1?K#L#LF'9FCQX(CD-_ZW7[7EF4NY

M\W?
%FLL-A
;3RU%
A(]41GU917X3M*I4[[CMFX[


M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%

8M-18
M1`BE5XBA'TUSD]3#AR$/UM[

\I^;F

MS02CE'*A!5AX@C.M!M^1I1
31V*MBQ=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M6O\`8;Y8J_/?_G%S_P`F_P?/^8&3_J(AR1Y(#]LBEV*NQ5V*NQ5Y;^=7G
M/R'^5_G#S1(X7]'65$J:5,TB0[4W_;RG49.!+N?9_0G7:[%A'\1^X7^A_
U
M//+=32W$[F2:9B\LA-26/4G.2)M^N(Q$0`.04L63[S_Y]_\`Y?+YH_-Q_-%U
M;E[/R=9RW5O*0OUA^,/&I[\)B=LV79F+BR7W/FW_!-[4_+=G^#$[Y!\.?W
A
:%@#





M[-[+U':&48L$3*1_&YZ/S!_

M`R[=CFHR]JG^`/K_`&7_`
RI[RQC
II^6


M/E$O(BOM)?H3Y)
M\_\`E'\P](BUORAK=MK-C+U
+@NA'59$KR4^Q&;/'ECD%Q-OF':'9FHT&0X\







M]0;=N5:;#Y9`BF3TG`K\6?-W_DU[_P#[;4/_`!-
L8OV1T+_`(XFC?\`
#;_





MU.A:22%&8@*X`W/;-CIM%BGC!(W(?-_:3VU[4T?:.;%BR5&
B`*'0^Y@/YT_

%7#Y.R]G_^


MR9MLT':G]X^__P#`L_XSY?UOTR?0O_.+7_.
?Y.?F'^2_E?S1YJ\LMJ&M:BL


RM'I




ML5S'%*.:

/78?%QGO#V/L/VU_)G:
#(^B?IE\C7^RI_/7+%)!+)!
A


M`
OU;F.OW'-'VM+U`/NG_`FTM8
N;OE7V1+\Q
U#Z^[%7]*?_.._EI?*/Y
^
M0]!$?IM9V+EQUWEGEEZ_)LZO2PX

AT#L5=BKL








MBKL5?@S_`



M&H!+
/@8;_Y+


P;

M[


WN_
M$52:?
C)1064?\`.%L$B^1?

M[^2/+@D^#1+.\G:



MY#?^3K_+[_MOV7_)]

MC6=HYLL=P9&O=;\IO^?B?_DW-+_Y@!_R9MLTW:G]X^S_`/`L_P,^7];],GZ
M?\`.$G_`*SOY)_U+G_J)ES9]G_W(?

M#_@;=G3TG9O'

\GZ=J

R9[,SG481^YF?\`2FN7QHE]U9L7SEV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5:_P!A
MOEBK\]_^<7/_`;_`)\_Y@9/^HB')'D@/T*R*78J[%78J[%7\Z/_`#EKJ!U+
M_G(+\Q9RW*EY;H/HM(
Y;6F\TGZH]B

MGY9V!7DMUYBL(W':C3*#7+M
+RQ'FZ3VDR^'V;J)=V.7W/Z7X4].&)!T1%4?
M0*9UK\D2-DE5Q0[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78JTRJZLC


T:



M^S6BL7T?27/5[.!C]
:G*V3\:_-W_DU[_P#[;4/_`!-
L8OV1T+_`(XFC?\`
M
^6%B_1%?^<O/RLJ/3U;8#_`(]XO^JV1X4VJ1_\

B5#W2[

6+\Q?/UU+IS&31](

1!!65T
M2



M_E'R?Z4_J9=Y1_-C\N?/MY-I_D_SCI?F*]MXS+/;6-S'

?\YM_E%^7_`.57E#RIJ]OK
M
NL:#I=O:W206T31F2*)4/%C.I(J/#

1-V`\/V__`
#WM'7:_+F@


M5NJO7*L_:
LGI@';=A_\#C3]GR&HUTQ+AWK^'XF]_B&0_P#.*W_.&FN/KEG^



A4`V]B_P#`QQZ:
UGMUIM'@.ET)!E7#8JHBJV\P_9&W
M@AM8(K:WC6*!`D4:B@55%``
WP%/@\I&1)/
JV+%V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O_
MT?OYBKL5?G]_SFW_`
XY#\Q/+I_
#RI9AO-^AE#J$FGUJT6-U(`(H7#

/DN#S#IS+;ZK;2&VUK2RK0S*B.:`EJK20;U.=1IM0
M

M-\L5?GO_`
XN?^3?\^?\P

MYR^?;AC4R7Z5/R@B'\
Y/5&\DGZU]EX\/9N$?T?TEXWE#OGT'_SBO:BZ_/O\



M-O\`H]6_XR/#+_S+PR4/N;S781ZIY9UZPD7FMU83H%_RN!*_B!D4OR4_)V_E


MOQ:\S'U_S?\`
!3_`'=YPNRG^RU!J99T8OV7T
%=%T@'J+*W!_Y%KE;)^-OF


&)VQ?SG^=?YB_F+QTW4]5*V=
MP_!-
MU5$)D(`7D1R]MVPTA])?D+_P`XT7BW=EYP\^P+'J&;3=&Y@L6+#B\
MO&HH5!.S=QD24@/T```%`*#PR*7X,_\`.?L!A_YR'U2NXET?3G!_UD8TSF^T
MA^^/N#])?\#*5]CQ_KR?JA_SA].+C_G''\M912AAU)=O\G5+M?X9N=;PQ^/



M:'IN8W]W]K]84=)$62-@Z.*JPW!'MFZ?%2*V+\2/^?B?_DW-+_Y@!_R9MLY_

?FS^64;



M912BBM:*3L

M^8J[%6B`0014'J
5?B;_`
YL?\XTOY`UN7\Q?)^GL/)^K!#JMM#&!'97+RLF

M6-7
3]&7E0@@&O;.GQY!DB)#J_+G:79V;L_/+!E%2B2/?1Y_%F66.`[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78JM?[#?+%7Y[_\`.+G_`)-_SY_S`R?]1$.2/)`?H5D4NQ5V
M*NQ5V*OYD_SI_P#)I^=/^8__`)EIG):C^\+]=^S_`/B&+^K^DO+\I=P^E/\`
MG$;_`,G]^7W_`&TK;_J(BS+T7]]%Y+VX_P
C-_5/W%_11G4/RR[%78J\%_Y

M#/@VNZM\(?\`12Z[_P#+;?\`3\O_`%2S7?RM_1?2/^321_U?_8_M=_T4NN__



_\`./\`YZ3SS^7&BW4TH?5-.1[348JDE#'+
M(D5:^





1Y
MN]'_`'4?
M4`L]


D8BA+U#XD_J?G!_S\3_\`)N:7_P`P`_Y
VV:KM3^\?5O^


QKW
MSG^T\(A
?+WSK^2D=I?S-<7'E
M'4)-*

SW

M()5#CJ&5@#W5E##W&1G`3%%RM%K
FCS1S8S4HFP_GH_YR-_(W5_R/\]WND31

X;_P#.1US^5'FR'REYBO))/)7FFZM;9_4D
M'IV
]^Z]K=07MM;WEK*LUM=1K+!*IJ&1Q52/$'.B!M^<9P
)&)V(1&%B[%78J


Y!


B5#`_^



`$?YO%_
MQ3RS_GW!^8D-KJ7FS\M[RXXM?0'5M-5V`%8I(82B@[U)F)VRGLK+1

M7[+

M%_XU\/Q^Y^?'_/N#_P`F9YG_`.V-)_Q./-7V5]9]SZ?_`


M[WZI]I?^



SNS!6+XO$_\`
M!.R7:M#I`??)\5_\_$__)N:7_S`#_DS;9K^U/[Q[_\`X%G_`!GR_K?ID_03
M_G3_P!9W\D_ZES_`-1

UXE^4O\`S\LU




%V8SZ1)`/P\U4G8]


MH8M?IXY\1N


M:Y_['YE^F.;9\D=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BJU_L-\L5?GO\`\XN?^3?\^?\`
#)_





G\Q=;URPC9[:[DBATZ$#XBL


ME@%

/G'



MZYHZZ+HZMJ=LME;@@R+L1&OOE;)-/T[HW_5TM?^1J_UQ5#:]-%/Y9UR:19
M8GTVZ*2*:@CT6Z'%7X\_EG)'%^;7E&25Q'&GF6R9W8T``O8R23EA8OV-77=&




MG_@'&6!B_8OR/YJM/.OE?2/
MD1Z.IPB3@-N)_E(RLLD-^8ODO3_`
PO)/F;



M+#/2^T/9POU0R#?R/(_;;]T_R6_YR(\@_G+H


MY8:==A=;37_


,;G=UO8_L=VAVC,.
B/61JA


M[%78J[%78J[%78JM?[#?+%7Y[_\`.+G_`)-_SY_S`R?]1$.2/)`?H5D4NQ5V





F@S6.GZ=
+Q[F2E/4BD61?O(R1*


_-S_J6+O[QAM7?\J-_-S_J6+O[QC:OTK_+?0]6T

L?E6YHTSLC`CN


?*NBZMY
M7\V:/-86L5PUYIT\IJ/C2*
QCP`]



MS^#\@_-__.*'Y]_EIJ;3V?EZ]U*.#XK75=(I
Y!)6H2!I&4YHYZ++C/+Y/N6

2V^^F


MZI8&VMM-#QRR?&P;DQ21N-`O0COFT[/TD\1
I/E?_!!]K-'VIBC@TY
N&5D[
MC[P_0/S/;37GEW6;6W0R3W%I*D48ZEBM`




_Y=?\`
=-_



R9#W2-U\+?2F9;R;L5=BKL5=BKL56O]AOE

M(GU;=3[1T^
_M\1U.)I#%Y_P`R_P`X?




MG2M.T


K\V=2_

MI'AI#

;/S+_`#3F_-C7/R]\C66FW`TJSAO5-V'#%&BMBVZL!]N?[LD`






M
DB9+?X@)/[P[GCX]\=D/JC`EX+_`
Y!?F=J?Y8^4[74=%6)]5OKD1VZS`LO



QM;N?SRU;\NI(H!HMEI(O8I0&]4R%8#0FM*?O#VQK9
M*[\Z?S%UKR`/*/Z'B@E_3FJK9W7K!C2
Q2O5:$;U08@*QK\S/SHU3R'^:/E/

M!*%7C=P=B#^R

.O2O#D
BEX'
M_P`X^_G)?_FC::Y;ZW'!!J^D3*2D`8*89*A#\1.]5:N$BD!-6_


K\_?+?F/1/+=[I^A_7
M?



MA_P

E
I`W@2#_G<-?<_9+-Z



7Y_?E









M`_[

/-7^*_^<8K:XF-+[39$T[4(B3S62TCF@/('


F#[UW


_E_7/+NHQK)8Z[87.GW2
*CT[F)HFV^3'(SB)`@
M]7(TFIEILT


M([%78J[%78J[%7XL?\_'O_)I^7/^V)#_`



G/[A]X?TA9U3\H

%SI4L8D/0-_I1I7Z
D.2'UKD

\\Z5Y?2=+6:R:1Q<3RSMRY@_:E9CW\<%I?'$MC^8.E?E5Y#O[SS3
G^685BT<V<$M


;?







M_PM_E-_P`89/\`B8Q5AM[Y#T'\P/\`G(CS9I/F.:2UCT]9$]:2%@W.?J
3_/DQCL(VC59H9DDC4!I#R=P#<C<M






M?
27\UYYTU*[
M
(CICU5,OR2\T)
MYO\`SUDU@,6F/DZWM[RI!/KV\-G%+6G^6IQ/)7HGYR?^3A_*+_C+)_R9N\`5
M]27%O#=036UQ$LT%PC1S1.`596%"#U!!P)?%MS9WOY_F]I\NGN_P#@+\P+
ML1360)$=M





Y


D8BY8R)#[ON+^@/.E?F1V*NQ5










MHMSI'E+RI:


K1OS!\RZ(WESROY4;UO+MG


M@


P
?$!G0U_=I7J*'QQYJ]!\TV]Q^??Y






_

M#`




/\`Y/?\NO\`F.F_ZA9LR='_`'L7


MCPIEVGCQ9(CS'WNE]H\XP]FZB1_U.?\`N2_I@M8A!;6\`%!#$D8'^JH&=8'Y
M(G+BD3WJ^%B[%78J[%78JM?[#?+%7Y[_`/.+G_DW_/G_`#`R?]1$.2/)`?H5


MA#`T((/0C.:?ID$$6%N*7WS_`
X


G1

MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78





G/[A]X?TA9U3\HNQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N

MORA^K6.G:A#K7EZ$PI^A-2622)(H]B(O2EA()4TW)Z#

M/[5N4HF


?\`#$8#(#FV0P9)_3$GW!\M_F]_SF+^
M4OY8V=S!::S'YG\RB/E::/9)


H=ZJ0PRW$T5


=MYG@CF:9%V*
M^NJM*7IN/@0=O?-OINTJVG\WR#VF_P!G'-(YM:)YP-5\.5?$OTZ\I?FM^7


#(T!

M`.!=I\F+03XXF-S/


M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5__U_'^


MV=-B/_).'ZDIU7\SOS*UU&CUO\PO



M'E31IG;2;[MC2_F$/PN/5HB-*K!@K`LI`H14;30:/C/'+D^6?\$#VPCH\1

MKL5=BKL5=BJU_L-\L5?GO_SBY_Y-_P`^?\P
G_41#DCR0'Z%9%+L5=BKL5=B



M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7





BR3S%Y61W
.MV)=Q'&!R

M;_

MP'YHVQ_Y]I7_`#!U+\PH3'7XEMXV5OH+1L

!^)_:]=\K_
M`//N;\I]
DCN?
'F#S#K



M\P
G_41#DCR0'Z%9%+L5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5
M=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK__U?OYBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B

MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7__6^_F*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5_]?[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7_T/OYBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
;KL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5?_9
`
end








begin 644 f10k123114_10k002.jpg

#$T

M!`````$```4(H`
`!`````$```#X``````````8!`P`#`````0`&```!&@`%

0``86-S

`````````
M$G-21T(@245#-C$Y-C8M

V
3DV-BTR
M+C$`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````%A96B````````#S40`!`````1;
6%E:(```````````````````
M``!865H@````````;Z(``#CU```#D%A96B````````!BF0``MX4``!C:6%E:

2!$969A=6QT(%)'0B!C

M:6X@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ``````````````````````````````````!V:65W





M3H)3PED7D)CPFD;H)SPGE?L*$0HGCT*5`IJH$*F`JNL4*W`KSPL+
M(@LYU$+:0N`Y@+L`O(^$+^0P2#H

C@RG#
`
V0SS#0T-)@U`

081!^$)L0N1#7$/41$Q$Q$4\1;1&

M$F02A!*C$L
2XQ
#$R
30Q-C$X
3I!/%$^44!A0G%$D4:A2+%*T4SA3P%1(5




M'VD?E!^_'^H@%2!!(&P@F#$(/`A'%((74AH2'.(?LB)R)5(H(BKR+=(PHC


.

M9$F0.=!*4%J0:Q![D(P0G)M4+W0SI#?4/`1`-$1T2*1
Y%$D5519I%WD8B







F+B9))F0F?R::)K5FT*;

MI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@J%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/JP*K=:OIK%RLT*U$K;BN+:ZAKQ:O


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6
/4Q%'$


MT#G0NM$\T;[2/]+!TT33QM1)U

*^!GXJ/DX^<?Z5_KG^W?\!_R8_2G]NOY+_MS_;?__
M_^T`#$%D;V)E7T--``'_[@`.061O8F4`9(`````!_]L`A``,`@(0@,0D
M$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
M$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P

M!0$!`0$!`0`````````!``(#!`4&!P@)@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0


P$`

A
M





MSZ;W!C9#R=I'&V-P+A[?SDLTW!C'55BW:Z7-(G2'?Y/N4\=LUML?4VJUP]

ME_W_`/PJO)*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI__]#TO/SV
M8+*WO8^SU;!4T5B3N=.V9(]OM52OZPXMA`%-HW


M@BX

N`:P[-KMVS_MZSTE

M!```````'AP!6@`#&R5''`(```(`:1P4``*4V%R86@@5V]O9#A24T$)0``

X0DE-!#H``````)
````0`````0``````


`
M```2`````$-P=&YB;V]L``````!#;&)R8F]O;```````4F=S36)O;VP`````


M`0```````%)'0D
````#`````%)D(!D;W5B0&_@````````````1W)N(&1O
M=6)`;^````````````!;`@9&]U8D!OX````````````$)R9%15;G1&(U)L
M=````````````````$)L9!5;G1&(U)L=````````````````%)S;'15;G1&

M````0```````````0`X0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U````
M``!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!
M`%H````&```````!`#4````!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_
M____________________________`^@`````________________________
M_____P/H`````/____________________________\#Z`````#_________
M____________________`^@``#A24T$`````````@``.$))300```````
M```X0DE-!#````````$!`#A24T$+0``````!@`!`````CA24T$```````
M$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`````.$))300:``````
]
M````!@``````````````^```!0@````$`$0`;P!C`#(````!````````````
M``````````````$`````````````!0@```#X``````````````````````$`
M````````````````````````$`````$```````!N=6QL`````@````9B;W5N

M``9S;&EC97-6;$QS`````4]B:F





M`$)T;VUL;VYG````^`````!29VAT;&]N9P``!0@````#=7)L5$585`````$`

M86=415A4`````0``````#F-E;&Q497AT27-(5$U
8F]O;`$````(8V5L;%1E

`````!%-`````0```*`````?```!X```
M.B```!$Q`!@``?_8_^(
6$E#0U]04D]&24Q%``$!```

M```````````````````````````````````18W!R=````5`````S9&5S8P``


M```D=&5C:```!#`````

9U120P``!#P```@
8E120P``
M!#P```@


M`````````!9)14

N8V@``````````````!9)14
@

N8V@`````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````9&5S8P`````````N245#(#8Q.38V+3(N
2!$


`````````+%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W
M:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V

``````````0``


`*``M`#(`-P`[`$``10!*`$\`5`!9`%X`8P!H

8`RP#0`-4`

@$X`3X!10%
`5(!60%@

M`O4#``
+`Q8#(0

M^00&!!
$(`0M!#L$2`15!&




M'%((74AH2'.(?LB)R)5(H(BKR+=(PHC.-F(Y0CPB/P)!\D321\)*LDVB4)


*0PVS$2
4HQ@C&Z
?(R*C)C
ILR
MU#
-
T8S?S.X









(*2@O2#5X.ZA!V$

Z)





\QGSI_0T]


M8F4`9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
M#`P
#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4
M#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`S_P``1``?`*`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``*_\0!/P```04!`0$!

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q
M0B
D%5+!8C





N]%V[^M_K^D4


M6?I

ML?2@?3C\_;M24Y]G7L=A`;4]Y=&T-+.[6/U]_MV^I_GJS]N!I]8`!IKKL:'F

:_!)30;U1[@X^F&^TN`+M?I-9[]!L^E[]R?]J!^X4U

YVQ7V[8]L1Y):)*:3NJ
977:]HVOW
M3M=N.YI`VMT;])IWJ+^K

MV0`X0DE-!$``````'L````!`0```!@`00!D`&\`8@!E```4`!H`&\`=`!O
M`'
`:`!O`'``(`!%`&P`90!M`&4`;@!T`'
````=`$$`9`!O`&(`90`@`%``
M:`!O`'0`;P!S`&@`;P!P```10!L`&4`;0!E`&X`=`!S```


M8S`Q
2`V
M-BXQ-#8W
CDL(#(P
3(O
#4O
#
M
3
Z-#`Z
#




M87`O
&UL;G

M='1P.B\O;G





M9#HW-3$S-4(T
C-$
49%-#$Q.3`Q-3@W
D
Q-S=!14%!





M=G0Z=VAE;CTB
C`Q-TP.TP.%0Q-#HT-SHT.2TP-CHP




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\/WAP86-K970@96YD/2)W(C\^_^(
6$E#0U]04D]&
M24Q%``$!```

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```18W!R=````5`````S9&5S8P```80```!L=W1P=````?`````48FMP=```

M9````E0```!P9&UD9````L0```(=G5E9````TP```&=FEE=P```]0````D


M``@
9U120P``!#P```@
8E120P``!#P```@

M*&


M96
N8V@``````````````!9)14

N8V@`````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````9&5S8P``
M```````N245#(#8Q.38V+3(N


`
M````````+%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV


``````````0````````````````````````*/`````G-I

`*``M`#(`


M'P$E`2L!
@$X`3X!10%


+`Q8#(0
M`S@#0P-/`UH#9@-R

$(`0M!#L$2`15!&






M
*0PVS$2
4HQ@C&Z
?(R*C)C
ILRU#
-
T8S?S.X
_$T*S1E-)XTV#43-4TU




&_1
M<MPAG#@<3IQE7'P<DMRIG





Z)
M

MYZGH

\QGS
MI_0T]

M_^X`#D%D;V)E`&1``````?_;`(0``@(`@(`@(`@,`@(#!`

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`$#`P
%



4$%41-A(@9Q
M@9$RH;'P%

1`#\`^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__0^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*O__1^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__2^_F*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__3^_F*NQ5V*NQ5HFE*


MK9DIVV'VC6E






MWQ5(D_
NZ=K=H+_2KF.^L6J$N
M87#*2.HVKBJ37?G_`,G6%S+:7OF33;.YA-'AGNHHVKX49ABJ:Z3YBTC7H#=:
M-?P:E:JQ1KBWD610P[54G%4IUGS_`.4?+]VEAK&NVEA=RHAEE4'Z:G%636=



MQTV9RJ0A:@
`:_RUZ8JR7\B+^;RGYD_



M-`^E

*H/SA9I^8







VW%S^\%?IIBKY93\[-2M_R[3\K1I\T-XCC08_
)6MNMLU(




6@/$#H.N*KL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=B
MKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5?_6^_F*
8C920P-*G;:M<DJ'_YQK:3
M_E97Y_!Z$?XA<HPZ%?6EQ5J255_YRR1#O)^BBE.Q
1K7%53\XZM^?WY1`C8




M
8()'53W*J2




M54AD*1_\*


'FV9;:R2/[0#U!

M76GZHQ/J7%FXC



1%WD^)^+4:N^*O.XO*/
MYG?G)YIT'6?STJ'RSY5\MW`N+;2.0+O+N!7[/CX8J]._,'\U(/S`\H+Y+8




ML:D8JOQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*

M8JX@'J`:=
5=0'J*XJWBK5!X8JZ@\
5=0#H
5;Q5V*NH*UIN.AQ5J@ZT%?'%

MNH-MAMTQ5ID1A1E##K0BN*M\5_E'W8JZ@&P&PZ#%74&VPVZ8JXT[BN*M?#X8
MJZH\
5:(0BA4$=*4Q5U$``XBB]!3IBJ[BHKL/BZ^^*MXJ[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7__1^_F*

M+O0'B/`FF*J@-:[=
5;Q5V*NQ5V*NQ58[J@+





MTZU-*8J]?\`+/YM^4_,_DZ?SQ:W#6VAVZEI9I_AI3%6:-_SDQY$U;5;73F


MZK..1T^T`:1!XMBK+O(/GS3_`

@XTW\-ZXJ\\\[


578J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J_P#_TOOYBKL5=BKL58[YIO=0T[0]1OM*

MUH:&J[[FGMBKZ-\W_G%^8&DZW?:;Y
59?


.KWT(U7
M@@6.66OQ^V^*O3_`,[O+'E_3?R1MWL;2V2?1A9-H]Y$H#(RLO`CQ(Q5[)Y



M=_GN\T[3Y]*CUWAEDT^Z0QNK#U2R'H=\523_G(*^OORG_

(HO/\`

ML***!WIOBJ[%78J[%78J[%4OU-+5K&Z^N@&T$3_6.7V0E/B)^C%7YR6]W^8L
M%_\`F+'^3$8N?)?JLDDT@K20@^MZ1H:4:O3%7H6EMY=7_G&/S$OEH.)50_I_

M



!39A.O'AP_P!E




M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7






_


MB^R\O[T??N

7ER9PM[Y?U6Z6Y@.Q7G*Y!_#%4J_)E3KWYV


M&7TJJ%WY?+%5#\K/REU;\O\`S1YT\Q:AK_Z6MO
D_J6MK\1


+R]/Y=U=#

5?/
7_./GG[5?T=H/F[SZVI^3]'E4P6(KRE12**U1
M[8J]'\\^0?/=W'I`_+SS;_A2STRV^IR6A4D
JT5311X#%4I_+G\CKCR]YC;S
@Q5ZU^6'Y<_F


[X
MJ\*\R_D/YGM_
^J^8_RW\VGRV/
'PZY8T/!F(`+K0=:#%7KGY6?EKIOY;Z&^



M
57XJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J__UOOYBKL5=BKL5:H*@TW'0XJ[B.E
5=Q6@%!0=

V*M<5)!XBH-0?


M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%7__7^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*N
MQ5V*O__0^_F*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5
MV*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O__1^_F*
MNQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*
MNQ5V*M5&*MUKBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BJUB!U-*]
5:J

M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V
M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5_







.#.H)4=

6AZZAD
MTC5+?4$%=X'#]/EBJ;\Q[]*UQ5*(?
.C7%Y)IT.H0R7\*AIK

#(@)I\2]1B

X\W:9!/&:21/<(I'8BNV*LCTG7=(UVW-UH^H0
MZE;`T]:!PZU^8Q5'374%M%+/<2+##*R2.:*!XUQ5A@_

M$?





M1
&:(FHHX'3IBJ:%U!X[D]Z8JWR!Z;]CBKN:T)KL#0G%6BZBN]2-Z#KBK88&



MJ)?^!K7%60EQ0&A()IL



%O.5$
SL`K%OLT/OBJ-25)!R2K+M1




BCQ/



MNKN1X8JWBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK



M&WUC4]/#/=VL9(:

?A_'%

M2)%YD\S66C.P+-%

ML-L58G%^?WY13ZD-

M(
(P\A2)F#1.Y*TKV%<5??7FGSCY7\EVA
MNO


58_/^;OY

M


5?
G_.2?^\GD/\`[;]M_P`G8\5?25M_
MO/;?ZH_5BJ\@L%+'BRFIIX8J\A_
7\HM$_
UWS+^?7F;S!JPD@BURV-W;V;$\1&Q


+
M*1AOOL*8J^1_R

MOO;VKQZ;H=DI:669W8@`=R:XJQS2_P`\?RKU2^_1UCYPT^:^D;BD7)Z

I;:<D?-YC01HO\`-7KOBKSG2_SG_+36=670])\X6-Q?

58AK?_..&DQ^2X/

M





MKJ

ME_Y;_+N^FTN=K6]U%XK43+UC$QXU_'%7F7EK_G%GR;JWEK1]0U/4]2N];O[5
M+J36EF?DDDH#T'Q@;5\





M[]
5?37Y)^:Y_-WD'0M0NBTM];0_5[^0G[4B`5_7BKV$?$.-0-L5?+/_.3


LGHJGQDL/GXXJ^
MK?R]\[^6?.FCV\WES5%U`V$
-O=.H/PN(Q4&HQ5B7_.1?-?RC\TN.0D2!:2(
M:$;^(Q5/OR8);\L/)+LS

/S7^3_[


:P







M(?D'SQH&JWQ\U:(;R\G]1C]8Y
O-6!:G0G%7US^6_F`^;/)'EG7'-)[VRA
MFN%KT=E!(.*L]'4XJWBKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BK


S/
\=U(W^YFVN)


\MC^9/F474I5M9L;B6
D_::)







M:'J-W)=7&G2'_2)35VC2@05_U:8TK/\`\CEY_P#.37G^IW
C.GL!3;&E:\[P
M7'YX_P#.0\GDN_NIAY;T




MB\T:+/+;^9$L1=7\A-/4A*\BAVZ;C%4?_P`X[K7_`)QP_-!G%7DO)#*?$^D@

MY
:='GF9K/37-YY'%B

*OI*V_WGMO]4?J
OCDJ5X%Y


MSCKY5U*[N)9X!+!!YAN8@=X/445/?OOC2OH3\N_RS_*B\T7RSYCT'0[*2YMH

M

MS)K
UW]5E4_%$P2G$#L2
51OYN?DY^6\'D'6]1T#1;'1]5\N64UY87=LP61?
M20L*CD37;%6/ZMK=WYE_YQ1FU?4)?4F?3V1Y_P!IA$WI@G[LE2IY_P`XY_DW


51OY

MA$9Z*AD8*1\^.-*PK\NK?5-9NOSO_


M5G:QK':KV55%`OT8J^7_`/G+S3Y&\@:/K$/P3Z+K%O.TB]50!J[_`$Y(*DGY
MNWT7F[4_R;\L0?O/T]


M5TI_\(:]YDO8^5[YHU26[#-U
50H'WKBKV;\T?)$/GSR?K6A%56XN(*V4IZI

ML581Q1R

ST'\O+!BVJ^;;R.*6)


M2FW
5ZUIBKV7S1Y1T'S78PZ;YCM$U#3HF]:2&3[)X]F]L*OE7_G(#\L_(OES
MR5)YR\DV-EHVN^5Y(IHGLW`=UYJO`@
?YL-*B/SLU.36_P`E/)&JW#-]8U&7

M



OS5



M\Y6W;..7Z*T[]P3OPKZ@-




'=C[$`C%7F/D;0;?RY_SDC%HMJBI!




K=B!$@)!^C`59__`
X.-#_@WS'!4)-#=OZG
M+JJ5/$XE7F]M)'-_SF1J




M?0(X8IDIN6B'PBG?;IA5\[?\X[G_`*QO_

#3KJ
M\JL







I'I&[!$AV4AN
B_G)K[_EA^7%OIGEA!IU
MS=31:9HI38('95)-*;T8XJ\<\R_D9J%G^5NO^8]5\Z:S=:\-)N+R]!NI!!(#
M&6,9C)(IVQ5VJ/^</UBX[-:S(-Z]9B<DKZB_)E?^08^3RMOZ.5`0=J5.)








HO

Z:]J&M1-BD!BXT(-=W:O3%7TR5K7N'%*
M8J\#_/SR3Y?U[\N?
E[J-E;_3+22ZL[Q5R!XQ\-#UR051_YQ\\PW-Y^3NA

M(Y`'IL1B59+_`



PX-12
MU.M!7%7Q/_SD%Y)/DO6M&_./RI73[W3[N)?
$
7P+-'(X'Q`=:U.*LA_.3\Q

MH7ERJ0RWEO.[LC
70'8G85QM4^_-(?\`6/\`^79Y@(6L3*_^5ZB4I].*IQ_S
MD35ORB_+I1\3-J6DJ/F5R*OK[1#_`+B-*Z_[Q0?A&N*O(O\`G(NA_*+S6:T!

M4W.J74#$
T*EE(JI%-P
(5Y%^=OY1IY%T_RKJ-OYEU74$EU6W6YMKBY=T)]1









MBK%9/S2\J1?GCYAU_P`X2S0)Y9@6TT6


/Y0NK`I-J\+`=RI5S4#`%



M1I;WUSI8$
\
6!Q1E9U!
MWP*^=/\`G-+R-K6O7WE;5M$TN34)51X;HQ*2:%^]/EA5'_F1^6M\W_.
?ES3
MK?2WEU?3(8YI+1%^

M@*IL?GBJ2_D9YZ_-W7/S




M\RZ%H'E6;6;'5YGBM@0WILBEN+UH?'%45^7/DSSQI?\`SD+%JGF'2Y@UVZSW



M4M\MM?(UU*BDA`&4U-



2XH?^<A]:F_PY:6^AK81?5)OJZ
.KN?@/'8]
59EYR_.SS+Y3UW4=%MO
MR[U345B6FGWL

N
MU!0_#DE2S7?SV_
/5+&_\NZ)^6NH)YAE#6KW#*WIQJYX\P?I\

_
MD#RQ
NJ
[Z]KTIO=8

\R6\
+7
LMFZ111_:-1

'U(DJ.3@#V.*L)\



M#U!$2@C%7C__`#D-Y)U;SGY&*Z#%]8U?1;F.^LK;_?AB=6*CZ%Q5XCJ_YB^=






M*N_YRW\A:MKWFC\OM1T:QDNTO9_JE^T8)XQU0#E3YG`%?1OG?R'+YC_*&Y\G

M_'7W!/;%6:_\XM:-K&B^3-7M-9L9[6]_2ES*8Y*BKEJDCVKBKQ?\]_)
VI_G
M[Y.%G)Q'F22']*6@Z%8@J[CZ

O7O-GE



58U/^9/

MGR_I4&^5[

P-/?%7N?E[0=1OOR'M-`2W
&I3:0\7HN*
'^(TP*\K_Y


M(U]I4.H.JZKJ=R&58XSLXKOXY(*SG\U]-UC\M_R

M0'XW.V_B

MZ





MG/\`EMKEMY7\B:GY7M3J6J_EP\

M;I/D^]TU5BB?4I)E;XRCJK(HW[BN*LE_

M2%74[CZ





+*=S3PVQ5


#X&N*H?\F-

Z
MCOBKZV\]6CMY#\RV5M$7KI5Q#%`HW8F
3KS
M3+^62&W\P:LX81E$(5VKX-OA5]6W[7?Y9^0;?]:*^MSZ/;1H]C#7D2J@%@!


M2%)`IJ`ZAJ??BK;00.O!XD9*4X$`K3Y=

54TM+6)F
M:.WCC9OM
J@$_2
;5SVEK(:O;QN3^TR@G[R
55$ACCA$A1Q4#H!X8JL^JV

M$:


C2FWC





M:-3






'J%4*
FE.`H10BFU/EBJDEI:QMR2VB1OYE0`_@



M=E+`!J;TQ5:\$

2!@=R#N#BJR.VMXB3%!'
M$3U**%_4,55J#PQ5O%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J__]#[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78JL9:LIH!7<XJL]
FI(6I\?#%5X#?#T%/M8JY%X\A3
MJ:UQ5?BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL5=BKL56.O+QJ*T^G%5.CCX`OP@
MBA\?'%5?%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7

578J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78JH&-B03UKS!_#%6_WE2W'IT7Q]\5=PJI

M*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*NQ5V*O_]'[^8J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[
M%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J__]+[^8J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%7
M8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J__]/[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J
M[%78J[%78J[%78J__]3[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%
M78J__]7[^8J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
MJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78
IJ[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J[%78J__]D_
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
8
284
000


        
$ 2
054
750


        
97
200


        
        


        
405
800


        
195
000


        
975
000


        
75
500


        
3
775
000


        
78
650
000


        
1
150
000


        
$ 2
061
350




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
$ 36
936


        
178
378
        


Company paid a total to Kuboo
 Inc.
 a significant shareholder
270
000
        


Paid for rent
 consulting fees and contract labor
$ 37
176
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Inc.
 a significant shareholder
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consulting fees and contract labor
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 2
327
008
$ 741
614


        
$ 742
000
$ 742
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`CE+5F
`(``.XA```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

M+_O'25H!.:3ML8W4]`&V]H`M[%UK=Y/VW=M$E1%!(2*U.\`GMG/BSTN\S





OF_3U+HFG-K#L;G?CT&O.3-^W36EB2LJ?;/6JR^2Y0YY.

=ABMO-W@^]ST]&M]4E-T;'[^9+L7@FY;_=G[]R[EU?KS(

M


M(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````(R2ST[#
`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&E
MNTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:,D0/?VA`.2F/;T?;GSS];WN[F:50?'&(O3L.Z*$&Q
M
V)[UVIXK9]6#Z!B(F=I%




`


8CWU7*;U:JR)T=;\[=H=*?7_Z




M(76CNS64X]AR')+#7BNX5.P^AFVLV436D
C)K)`(FLVD34DLK)+)#(AMW)

S.

(LRBX)


\+Z_^%+']`P``




6^3FD:D1
S%TCFPG`SFTR\



M8$Z[!JC*_^GW
9==`\RY%T4P=WCN^YC$KH'B
)Q
_*1:ZK8,&T)3!\)AOX)
M0GU,8M=`44,,^$&*H#@E0:RIQ)EB!KL&A`%)Z#B,H6(D@I8`RQK'8OZ!GE^
M`.\D-/'^.K6

6S00SU5:P!=J=%N\,02^MM:[878*^6DX]J%LR/@%

&NVP=KYM0


;0V@:TYUL^+JR#

:CK-Z#7(8((=@V!O6X@R_4\?K:@^8_$5+0LJ


)@(Y81V
K6-@^YUQNB@`^2D3+TW5P
@Z!K+5-M04AVEU#%J'+%_R


C






WNF/


%YLI-[2%

M%[K&'LH0
*X


+][_'
M\X)NJ6DQ'98@!K7


*)-

WB0U7S)]&N)P1
8;/U;&=

XP

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````



6([8Y7\



1#\&@`#IJ/

M:



ME!##:BZIB53'6_BG5%I2T==$=-I3@L?)!N2QO&02I:'`A3_0A#E:5@?*'8


M4[O/7%2UA6D/H!7U[0X++AAT%#`1.G`D9AJ(`'X1E*XS8&T+V_[D1AZPSW




M:&5E='

^7GS_-]UP\RXI2A<AE0M<*=7-?%_F


M#6.2'[W-XLR^8;G@DI?*`SO?@I[G//6G/C@MYP6##'39D:#E`C^$LRS%_G)N
MZO.'T;U\]Q[)BN^_%9\8RV%8D.;=`,VG#]KZ5.A/X+-_MGN1].`'P(5M2[
M6OWD^Z^4;2L%W4X@(9W7K'C+J
RAH&#C18EVRGD-`/*&J8G`PI7LUSSPI5


``/__`P!02P
$




M-3U^8A7\9\?K
FOA8[WWFE/-LJT

ML9R!WVMGRW;9^[']@Y]35NP/+4QW`(Z$L?GV*V1-#B
*:7J#0&3*^1%N`'X[

M@:M*X@]Z_J@_?B+'4.6`ZR6'WYL&P6@\G72_DY'*`M=+%KBICC;@:^18P/4:



MK'_]'@^&]#JN
*_/CZL(6KI0YK=Q'=WRR[%?HP97O9B
#04A!1$%
04)!:D&
M#%NPD)^W)8*@K`Q;_G78T!9J-%L4A!1$%

%$FO/!W'_9@YVPNSTAIO:&Q!YJ-'L4
MA!1$%
04)!2D/[?'FS1NKUN.YH(HC9'Q9J-)L4A!1$%
04)`C0E9RS6TW*


ME53+8-@5K:UV3CVV*\34+CE[UJC1[%(04A!1$%.0(%`UBC;-(DJU$
/?[!E_
M0DS]D7-SC1K-'P4A!1$%

M(NAS)



$;W_$Y&K3





MM5)5=7DVCD
LXCBRS?;WO;:'B*6:4AZ2F)Q[ENOKS)^/LD%[KHU0;8Z3*
:(
`)(V-I6])&M3S')V[P<_'QP_R@]-;4G%L$#*W)<6UM-R/$


_T(AZHJP?A2L9WD


2GFOC^_


MP:R`E.FHF[QD!H0NT`C:\O=`8

MN


$%``&``@````A`.F\?0K6`@``
PV)6`1;MKN/D[3O+^,`A;=+ZPL`P\_/-/\NR
MNGVJ*^N12<5%DQ#/=HG%FDSDO-DGY,?W^YLYL92F34XKT;$/#-%;M?OWZV.

(65





?8.&@UUU)J54T_5*BJ

M?4EC




ML9NB

[Z^-$W1F/'J`3)B3H\1
M`_/.MD7@AQ/$7L4`


`4$L#!!0`

MTN:LH.TVL__\?KQ);$M(



M0X1\I(K2MO*=D*SYIT%(F1I(_`
)7`\D:.&$?A0G

MU8FZ+!:@V@)S!]G!X4]DZ!

T&GBULL;T;1[E`U'S



=DH4R


``/__
M`P!02P
Q
MB./(-H3Y^U[;D`Y+6_)`8G)\EGNO
W\ZR!KMN39-1E.HA@CWC5BZ;
\(_O

#0FPY6U;4J(8167U$2JY0V\
M*926U





)W(\D21*-!N/)]`X6$ASY@MJZ6*N58=@:$#3
MM-2-8)(\^U$X
)AGQW8;P&S!KJP7PRGTSG90^G8$;.\A9GU&`*RO3;HW:_M

F!\!\Z$AN=KGVCO[;O%-9M@D:=287@@$S]:48Q^[J



M@4/#=_Y9B

Q=G76OEXODYS5%[`XE%4I
M/CI3WZOSS==3P]KL4









`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#2@N
W5`(``#0%```9

U+GAM;(Q4V8[:


14US6-##


BWDFL0+?=F(@3^DRF:T&



M6
BH+7#-'5_


QN_'03ZX

V
M+GAM;)14VX[:

MF\N2;
N6AR3&9\Z9

M'0F)=CV/R9@`TWR:W#@RHXT+V;X*9DL,DSF4U^?7X(?S*MO9$IU^*1%_D74
M'(H-;7(-6NU==#GW/T%P:03O?(-^*91S@NZJ^QW=?C
Q::TT.T4##E?D_QE
MR0V#@@)-U$L=$U

S#2+S=S+-E%P1MNQ$<M`0#)O4%&4?I9?=&'7)N


QT6



YI

CM#V?T4CMCIL!'0D

M67_!E!RH`HD@P,)?!]($KB]'$R$%_7`[5TN=!JBV!6()5IJ)N\9`XLKJ`4



M`L9=`9=[[L#]Q
.6-S@1







UG.0

A;=]VQ


]

3W%9B'%`BH.(=LS

(V.O+JIM


M.//[5]F@%ZZ-4&V.DRC&B+=



$@HT$2IE\%4`P+@
M%TGA.@





*%IG-KU






.5$!96=7ZJ-LK)/O'&FYN#L6-(P7
M2MG#PC5Z_RU8_`$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`)KQ;3]0`@``;`4``!D`

E6*=E7@7S\73R.





M`1.D#3.X4:Y*A/E2.X@K(P


B


ML#Z6F[CMA4HEFY6*]&$8R\L\(3'
3;B(L()7$53&`A\!W8A5UJK59B7-/90
MC

^
\W!&Y#%-Y;P]<YVM]MT\`9D\<TE
M?/]*JUEW\084,AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8
MB_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8L4.^7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LP

M6




M27X02T)XU)D






M'
W2K;\```#__P


Q=^V_;R!'^O4#_!X)IBSN@CEZ4)?DL'R+%;`.DZ:%QT0*]




MF[WY]X_?%+_[\5N]EU9#;$(

M/_C9-_$[$`.XAS^[N]W_HGVU7#@S0'CKP`U+8(H@W_LC&]Y=OR+I>4ZJ]#!
MGVTMSW%?XM-#/,&$D?S.

(=FM2(H3JJB)3K%^NO]]`3.JZ;#81&
M!@X5X
S=+8S)(COT33C0DL\/+SL8*/@P?
0P]N+?U?SZ

MLT$4CTLV/$FZA^7UO;F\9_429*(H*HR:YG)R!J/WB]E2/M+E;;;Z-$/\E&
MWXWQ3[)1$_ZWE
9ITI`







J01`U#52F28E5(_-0#%6E2`)!58:DD55(BD&53F2A$)5
SK6$QU0YUO/DQ<M;TS


QE8\`&K1K#.64H*<%`]_Z::!*6;*4X*2\_'?:1LWU1


M((
'4TD%%2;;_T.'*(6.5L
+X;AJ'F\\*0Q52-C.SUL)=!K8!EBK)%8@51*-

M$-)941

M'^-'%.43DE9Q2SK76IQ(3M

MI--:/9'JS]K`VHTX+[LV49*A#3\6'8M`!?P^4;81=Q-Y]86B^N?96+O0ML

:R6(

M68.G/'GR(:U



D



12Q
A0
\].!$\*]MQ)P)A6XR&`





7B=O)B=WO[U8O;?#Q]

L#(





1O^O)$-;O)Y46:G
MRX4Q+
AI;N%?.QQ/BGEVP$FN9_
6'(/;?*+?SXN[V7PA%!_

MNWI^L

FNNY5_\H9A





M;W_]VU^;IS




MYSCH29AVCR8$MV
]Z=6&=CKKG?=/+K[O7QP=](Y7*JLS#`^.1K$88[G:^JAF


_

(P1PGCZ
4V;K']O/F4T?3
M18%^602;T_S]D*`!A$PYL-AH5%RVV



+T#YA_N\
M;_%^:4Q.P.8QVV0C+&&RZWT^MY1*\;F8#\=MD3D+2TO)_)*H(6*1_3Z-22)






6FH5F#DCJ+`3)]\?.+//O#\G(V<W]ZGN5#\KQS
MM,+K[:]D-6I`_06`NK-K$3B`A'0;2CAEF


X;

M^F\Z)1LL

MR(P:3UN$KI.DAS9_GN0EL2
O4F4QWTO;.X[/,'A^$[9%K-$`G[-YRVWLEZ%
M*8=RP$?`R8L0
ZF#B$EMARI\B1)#Q.0FT^SUSM?.1/M%$IXVG/55DIJH%?.
M5WDE9/82W&;PZG1



G-)NEX^A%)
W*B0#]#63)
M




M(
D9!6'RPC&+M2%E47JZPH]31583H%+A2@=.GLU


M(I`MF3H?ES\;7CX2C
0!\

I^F!^RN)GC!9D!1\#G&?J`E9V$B.EU

M8K


M27@QU`D3-I`%A%I$.^K




]+A%Z0MQL5-VL)*2WP#G
MN2L@(_%O]7!4RUO9N?K/I*#86LA`
1J#6SG$MO-+V79L($%J.W078/QQ8H'[
MBEGK#












MRCX8FZE?'-#P:@@(96NZ01RZUUQ+\4

#B)BT@`@?G
M%1.O?$\'1RZ1NW@S?8;.\G:-DV8K!4\BIC0DPI3_E0.3G<LTOSKG@EQ[`EN

16&&/=%B*Q2:]ZCIP#SJV

M!(50##J8238C[YV*Y%0A40EPF*?$PQ:(LGYP8M49SI,2+$#.,DSH[?)`2D-
MCV#.IV+'&7IPXY.'SJ4#M'*:NF2SR(:ZT\SE930$/R#GPU'WO7USK]CHLB^




MD.TPL/\=E*&W&B8-CB?X6DXC31P;7^*?7\F?JR@NJO@`R\@)[*86R:S$#3C?


@NJ&(



M4?P)`O$PD5GR7^27-1\53'4[BMNVL)*$8*S`,&6^$B%H*'KUQ)H;$GU34?



MTR'-Y;P`&/I6!8Y0]]R




M


M+%QN91^=N/*JN`D36'EG'$ZOD=0@Z``:FU5@55+$G`;WGJ&UTSB5CDM$6J
MT3]2U)



88/2(OE1.-









?HI:UQ%_5<*O$D/I$M$)H
INHT&R'E?^#CP:?UNEPC?4@!B+4
MF/.:7(5*]55+SY^=:_#@Q8_FH_2)7
UO:4IL]U.MYEN+:5^:`]/]1FO=[IY]
S<S`0`:WR,HD;7.F=,/21B<F(?9?;;SZ

M_;2



7L)-<\#-0T)D(KR:\]7E2@9J=Y*1@P<NXE#
ME+0-XR:4XY&2JQ?)QLJJ(Q2@&$PBF/G=@LY+!S'OU-DPA5C]XM++$24^&P
M[Z1.JFF6%JO*_UMAN+^&\;M_COSMORA2M\*!O\72!TKHD$GU.N0H-@0J.PY!

E^



1G#_:B\:S7%Z&AA+AGJWJ!W/E=]C)`IF;:#5H[(OO`LXE0`BKEKZR+



MB#XU=

BH0LF2*&
KC3YD@8N&DSYZH?3
M
KSMF\['M]QDU1U.)#_5*8(KCA[TI-6&&@3B

M3[%A.&K82O8

M*X:B)EQN5$X8N::J1%O'BC7E7F95P$TZ6Y-W+6$&&5U.[:*R/!T!-\@::'=
M?7C$A5FU$++M0G7%PUQ_)U$M5+C`!UWS;.N._2U0X'IH!/)Q918+=QPL`]K
M1_6K5+T=W
;[-$(S3]L0`7K1]^8B1N.UXV@4/]RU=`8(-9XW14FW9)O\52


(E['Y&22K:+S?VW[PQE2V`UW;Y+ID8
M9)VVJYTWB=OL?2=US&%O?4DZ=IP`.5ZEQQHDMCXJ'[6CE
E92TK\W*:PO3:T
M=JC0#
`SR1&_


M0@/I/3KM4J21/VV

EAD;!W



.







MP$NG!+;ZIG




O;1#FW9*HW
M*3Z3%B/Q^_

KXZ$F4_LO^(38_8DB\N&T98-.^A?9




MZ!7F(@\+(0+%^8`


MFNG`?C6D5QH%T?
7XY5\R.-`/-'/7S&I$L@N[0R!W



MCYN_QMF]6L)=FVEIP/6]EU_QM5)CDHWLZZ^RWJ=KM=S

DURK[QP\Q'1O1)+M`G?P\+HJIKVE;6(.*
J363O


L][B(+/JA8K/+!.F95BJ8<:8G$B%ER

^Z-.?SYAB%)IL=Q!''':AM/CSX^'9`#['N

M]]AON]=9U4K

M%S512$KY_-(=PZ?-^0@I

M
9K0;:1].2I7W$4\%8T
K/RS&OO


@J9)[RM)1=A1(V\I=4&K%JL





-0IG5HK




M:(%%5!T!L7R48G;U/'7Z_'WOT)E#;B\0NLD+48:*?*JY79)!\_P7F$48QL
M'3UK.55T)IU$%!2Y+2V'


Y-2@\H



LN6;6D[:X.C]



MW]FP


[&W[T6&

M!OG@^IJZU[R0%*YPVD#O0`LL(2(W




%9WE6DX$P/_3:_*=/YT
@;48KPZ0X[]'6!Z



[





M&2%A
D(@MEOT*Q-P%F94=-VVZ%=NYC/%'2$+`&-.BK)HC+4S:`WYXSGVDET.
M]2S4#&^&7%5JG
;#!.HQJ]_E&=8O;**H/V6)XR$0SNR5\VK(TAU$3\6!'C9B



@'3<7?'M@V@=#N;K\_C^



+


R#GP-(T65:0`PT0;E.!5D%Y@


:J]^W4.Y#^6WN

$)*&W9LG





?.=-5(0O35MNP1@3:WXQ8Z$J

RYX;6R4


M/


++ZSAW`#X5R7M!-97[*[3<NUJ6!TTX@(!O7+'^Y
MY9I!0L$FB!/KQ&0%`/-:F$K`Q)G]WO5N2F3/%@%3C:$!`CE9<FSMA+3%B






M@'C?@/D


M2K@J;U[?3D^%J$X08E



23&PZ)0DFE!BAA)!84?)9Z-Z&5;G*L#U4



MD'$K-





MG!$['[=QA3;K**`^KC$P]DU08JC9.

C%&5JR4?$#

@@\YO(?G[+ZN(9$N
MU1@M'7-=+QC0PS`:





MZJI)%)E=2H'(&&


M?+$[O





MFS`4?9^T_V#YO7R6D$0A54G5K=(F3=
^GATP8!5C9#M-^^]WC0
%TF[1\I`$




2WHKX&Y





+\KM'P``
M`/__`P!02P
?_^H#LY[T;2EJ!<N&_BN
M4]2YV)3U;N'^\S?_-G&=MLOJ3780=;%P/XO6_;[\]9?Y232O[;XH.@<BU.W

M\T@



59*0'28A\=/3`4FW?N!U_-4V&`4A-'D


ML`FUM8K





M


M.2YX;6R4EEUOFS`4AN\G[3\@WQ?
9TB4I&JHNDW:I&G:Q[4#)E@%C&RG:?_]
MCNTT#4ZGD9LDP



5@PJT+%[@M8K=!<NBAC8+TT`?UF]#/?GNR
MX8=/@E5?64\A;=@GO0-;SA\U^J72I^#FX.+N![
#WX57T9KL6_6#'SY3MFL4




'^_I`

$%``&


M`X*R:GF!.#G^?
[
)/GS039HSXT56A4XB6*
N&*Z%&I3X)\_5D]3C*RCJJ2-
M5KS`1V[Q\_SCA[S39FMKSAT@K(%KIUK,T(LJ[FD-M(M5_DTD92!TNS(;8U
MG);])MF001R/B:1X4#(S

756\:5F.\F5Q##&^K`OZU%:\\TR1[!26JV

\[X^OP3O[-4ULK7N/AE1?A&*0[&A3;X!
M:ZVW7OI6^ENPF=SM7O4-^&90R2NZ:]QWW7WF8E

MG%`!

;W7#&X5BW<4TXN$@*^+.8C\N#DO+O`0
MHRMSXPNW#_`:-*%%/M'BZL;-R5*ZY-]PU,8FW^7QV\W8V#R5\.@F;:%V\V
M3.
XOA7`&'M($*3Q\%H0'(8I#4ULZ89_I68CE$4-K\!E'$U@I$R8T;!PNNV;

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
.$94NE

SVQO@Y7!(
MM2R-XQE37'8T$);F&H:N*BG@08N=@LX%B(&6.XS?-K*W)YH2U^`4-\^[_D9H


@&?K\1SYXZOI\O!C'X-PHC_\RII\


M``#__P



MI

'VL-

6=NYH+2=E


M[`1I[



G


``/__`P!02P
$%``&
M``@````A`#0


`@6:($XM$Y
+M$4YOL:H)S(Z\3LC*X_Q+;/.UKT;`P4035_!O^.Q8(BQ]^1H
H['


M0!0




;G



2YX;6R
5-F.XC`0




MA#UX4HPDRU]7K=)TV8#O?9)1=N+VASMZ*9A61E4V`CH2A-Y['I
Q`:;II!3@
MP

;P%*IM8.^ENXG
'.3<,`@6:*.T[)J8:$`#?
M2`JW&1`(W?OK3I2V+G!O$/6'<2\!.%IR8Q?46+$-L8J^2N`DB-5($F/)'`]









UA#0?@`D
MGZK+P\`8AJ13()LN00H'J`CIQY\6)OSJVJH!!N4F-'Y40'(_O#S1!PU)
M-233D%Q&E
AA^FGD;#_X9%


?'UC1KG$^FGZFH@0L$


=C
/VZ



D

'5[<3[R;B\4WWNM'3.&=@G^\PCLD@HNG8\&.&-,
MAR]L@O&M=/L/````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`M\BAG)P``#:!@``&0``






M6)+*C.]+_]


MS?V@4E\D=`HU[*3S]PJI*!%[YXW^V[X

7@3SY60:@M8[)*PM

2X?N<U5Y4@I,Z<!$OP8MOAUZ\J:%RF!'&PW!I'@OXATCXD8!




-F7-Q'/2Z#8LHRI

M
99@L-






R



M=?K1P!@_?-!-7N.H'PR:P'14M9=5_Y53L:-?:)9)*^)[;!U]Z*C::MO6;GS



X

MIWRI?^2-_F/UZR^+MZI^;@YYWFH0X=0L]4/;GCW#:+)#7J;-J#KG)_AE5]5E





M240BY0F#%O/\XD0G46IP%UNS'1JY,^.QBYZF3OC?JR(Q(@$B(2(1(CDHA$
M$@7V0U&4V\4GQEWN?


2*)20%X$DD*G[KL183I02


(HQBC1$*R%J0]$2;Y[1);M)F!YQ$?^9HA\?F+

C

1;Q
MR-8U:501'4QKTE#^J7[I:'=E20-19(T$V5.;
@Y@3*3*&'2/$S(1%*\`NXE


M/B=T!3[
IY=6(/


BI[7=D)5?H*GP2
N`H\$![^

M^^+4:
=\!]*3![FNU?2(F7YIJW/7`#Y5+9P

M@_Z?ZM_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`U4?W!+H``!)!P``&0```'AL








USN9
M1]



?!9?:(#[#8P^LG]/@`L:&YB/#'C

M


O

2YX;6RLF&UOHS@0Q]^?=-\!\;XA$/+0*


M06VK*I;I\4+K_/$

MD`&3W:K)86T_N
O



M2VT`216(3)9(39`I0!

MQ=.6PM*%]\D-`2;P6N0O2Q9$SY\3T?2Q-]\.D83B?:.'1OU$?9&LCXB%CN



_T^J-WAKJ661AC+7.DOC99APE6@HPC&*
(HQ2C!*
M

V/Y
^\/I:7QCJ3`T@_
M[OK9FA]0\A^MV*

M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`



M
8PJ/;$\J4;%E5W@SJ$H\Z2&G^71J*XE2_9-H_QL6./QS
B3[*)S!:?\C$9Q

MEJ=.=+P49?)TAG&_FY
D%=K-#R*?9VE95

MMFLE.ZSU1].)S:EN;%:-07]G[*T:_*]5I^(M*+/];]F%@=LP3S@#3T7QC*'1
M'A$T-DAKOYF!/TIMSP[)R[G^LW@+678\U3#=4Q@1#LS9?[BL2L%1D!E933?2

ML5.=B-6*P/6&R)V&=ML0KFU#RQXMIM/);#&'Q]]I.6E;PK5M.1V9D_$



4(T2$:.*JP%.!

9;5F;

'01



M#GBS/Y,F?TNJ)M]0CQ?$(0D)(D+B(9%

N7^[&.T/'9.AK-/B$N(
M1XA/2$!(2$A$2#PDTDQ4))&RJNF$5;#]2E+G[
:EW=]E&CH

T-3]O']5IQVY`O)]E`+/3^NX&\7)0

M83S0(```4(```8

M0JIT5;=*FS1-^WAVC`E6




)$=L;J^2?!N0==21Q2P*?+<ED'LP6



#EZ@[LU;MRMA$_

M@O

M?_B[

&ULG)G;;J-($(;O5]IW

M8W%IKM'*;$ZX







M9^%[G*F3F+.P#X_.4$+.`'#]%@Z/#YI3=V91I?]=+64F%EBW1*C!U)7X8N
MO\A0
.D)\#'?DQ(S3Q%+$TKXE)@B/(9^[SS?&5*H55!`)\_WU*EU4]$0&&M'

PTP;4VB=GS&E9I7D\!:HH8R)6[Y0


MTFCW


Y\
M$4B7F4](
NV
4?T-9R;-A3/P$*\^]1L4D#_N\=&(WN


M
#^NXWNA\71
DNG\


M0F
B`E_\B904T\88SF?6U

]T.`/KZE?I^`EPGL/N+)VPPN%\


MH4XB-*CN.0;323%IT'L7T[NS.`TXTTE$&0Q&KS\14G1\VMXBH'OX?D6_##G0


J?/OE]5(WV<L9=']G3I;?N/LOGU5YDW=UL=N#70&








A!CX+SS+D3'Q'
:5

QZ1S&'S$&


.T

D$L`S
D@0@#?N^@[08V2?R8
M-DAH(/V80=(&*Z*HC:\=-NQ4]U.?-Z(:Z5*!&$$C#40T$--`@@'
HY7M^AZQ



M+'!

[@<0.F##%%2S

`$Q0(JG
8ELP%.-S9!-XR?3P?&!8:
&F.A5U-BG&
M]@




MDEEXU(5O&LU9UA;)RH^8.E+)FKJ$&+]'@R5YR+E=RH]2%Y;!Z)YQ2SH-Z5H
MS`E-IN^!DTP_')JK5,D&(/:B$O:Y!:5$IO'7HE::[2OP_13.67K;A\F\%*D


@%5C

MKK8(ED





MUWNOWY[
M^6W5;%\PQ9?U9GW\V4XZ'FU7UW\\[9K]\LL&Y_TCFRU7W=SM'\GTV_5JWQR:
MQ^
%IIMXHNDY7TVN)ICI[N9AC3


45



*C)


M
1254A')%+)ZG12DR9+YBA5]6ZG
6S5


MY9680Z3D9`;BH(G%M;WI05
_9I5+I0ZRI6J\\*:DE(DR7[%61/J.7-6G&2
M_LVUE4`NDY`BD!LN?T9MM=-HEV=(^U89=5Y5R.K54I`F.\CE\]3E&9(NGT).



M'[

CJ^#L%:;*#-H59NBDP)*_$%'(*T@3
36'P3?@L




+E(/9RBJK;BS#%E!+;;U]
%?

M2F3#%@]G.$N4FU.05LOP\*S$J@PMKM35_9K75QQ:QFR@ES]0$:[2!7+])&
MG%57(G1.Y6E-#V)IV3FB5R]8%JM=/HA60HNA3CUC)D]6HI2)
=9/-E:O



!4W
M\R$KJ

M$)`F.\CEYZG+





$S6LK?$
U(I`:SR)M+0&D\K0BTQO
X(S(#

M?BN.L![=BL!GC;;41FJ`/LP58$W/#.UXCD8(?GUD1,,#/OZP(&.!'6$9D
M@9HR*T(&.G2%8$JX!?AAB1'&/PZL:*8+5]IQ=?VSE6VS^@2B*H1+_])!$P
MP'MBZSA8.?Q@T(AD&(/;6BN
?@-NA6!UOA!MQ6!UIFI=0:M\;-F8TP.K?TO

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!D9IYH


MO;SV\L;;[O+;:YXY+[RL4E&L7#88N@XO$K%+B\/*_?NOQ[NYZU1U7.SB3!1\
MY;[QROVV_OFGY5F43]61\]H!0U&MW&-=GP+/JY(CS^-J($Z\P).]*/.XQM?R

*/3[CB`
]JS1CW(%_BB='=_'SUG]ISC_RM/#

MXD_G


]#O






G6QE0#
L1V/4G;
MI6;S?M5V41=/+2AJZ*]Y2KU&T_^.IZHS&3+U9M5L`!84XB8I2_?B/%TN+Y#R
M5%T6U:TGY^6!/_`LJYQ$/--%$(NP7G:PNJ5NV**]IO:?S`-T=9C2QS%`7ASZ
M.)N`2;[KUI


MZO8+A'K=?WO6_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`*;$DFWW`@``X0@``!D`

M$59L5]M6:J6JZN79)`ZQ-HDCVRR[?]\9.T0)IS[`F0X/F?.S#!F=?=2%N19
M:-5%=

M@*$R


M6F0QW83+^W!

7Q^$2:B0!-$4V1*5`$)PLI



?1
MNQ8%_F)/6G0

M:-OM#V;^6&RJLBYWS03
3=%1SGDU74W!TL/=M@`&
NRC*M_=CQ_]M0CGX^G#
M71N@OXO\K;;^']7[\NV7JMC^5IQRB#;D26;@N2R_2-%/6PF!\I1IBS8#?U2C
M;;[+7@_-G^7;KWGQLF\@W3-@)(FMM]^3O-Y`1
'
))A)2YOR``[`W]&QD$L#
M(I)]:X]OQ;;9PW_1)`IFBZ4/\J/GO&Y$(6V.1YO7NBF/_R@I90NM!
H*')65





M#BQ.W;PAUM(*=1P1)]8K)]:=4!=KAJ0
JZ@FBX5YX3;B/5Q9M#*8<$@2@EV;BL]7
YYCZV

MR/:0@CFP8X5=D+!2`:G&X-6`74PEGT--E`(43-2OB.5**DH:HE^
)@X7E.
MR4T'F1*.J47DSWT3-1H!V?J&1P`;)=@WJQ(AD['8=Y&$(2E#A(U0#V7S&^ZA
ME'9V/$(T1Z&;(RVDB27R'@8L&6(I0X2-4*=EEQON-/9$$E:$9K!TS)I9F22V


MHED&ONE6E)ULI\/98?
E[!!RV+DCMM])&78*0G80?R]PM%*N)30TB%S@3`27

59S08F
M-8E61
ZK61@&SB)(M8C1$AI2*_QC0EDM__/A'%DL#=G:]?N1[%KLP52FH.
M?:&WA+2!2K5UFE-G1A'7;)%R)$?L2X'X7)Y_-$E:0U=KQ=G).&#8@[2LJ$

@[
MJSQ6BA;+A$

M



Y.7
*BC--W
:6



M%#`UCTD@`.O12`0:\=R$9O



.'Z?D\'+;F\`.WI5EHW\`L6GW

$%``&``@````A`'12P\/!0``11(``!D```!X;]W


M



CCVD.X2(2&#1[BM&70&*`LW(
M#PE3@2N8`/RUZI*4!BB2?P[/<[GKCPM[/!F%4W?L@;GUBKH^*0FE;17O78_K
MOZF1QZ@HB<](X'F%Y([CF#G4


/I\Q#O'4]8









MD0OO


M#`HN4

D[?R**0*ITU^
M+8RX6\R16W





BI04FVFG`






M

(CXB.P11`)$8GZ1#`
.B\8QM;N!+;8+ZY=)@/+'ZKI62DO













9U+E#P




_FX+77ILQWO=/YY!'?GWGGO+JX&&'9C(E1



M?F&FGW8
`F?/\J9]!?YHG%VYSU]/W9_UVZ]E=3AV4.XI
&+$EKMO:=D6L*(0




P










M)`E]%$MO1VR4&Y4/82Y:/_UZ\?BYO@+?A[\#41ZPSC&D&48&F6V`5IIX!_ED



MRD0I9&B^UDB(
GJ35\<-L4:IH;!&2
M.S*!F<!J:13!X))RJP=ZAEL]T#./8NDMB(F#.PLQ3L'`_8BUT2W5D7`K.'R


=X^;?P$``/__
M`P!02P

M+W-H965T

M11)'MBGMO]^Q#]$=*/C@GR]Y_7CUR?._.ZYKL@35UK()J6A%U#FTSFHMFF






5/G:X/1[(XI(GOMH]MNB2)^X/
MN$0-II%


(!4.B9$ATO8MLT271

+)U
M+_I&&MC4W&D)WS`.+TW@@;B0TIPN[/9[_BHN_@```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`




UO0AZ&:JY&`?


[!LGY-LXT]2=H@\2

B67FM6'DYTUBT[!@GXTP#X@!Q@7A`?`!
MD!#(&D@$)`:2C(ED#ROO?T&)PF1DWSA1,LU2UK0^J,\T(X0#X@/)``2`ED#
MB8#$0)(QD:RD`DVR\G*FL6C9




:Y:/BWJ/910WSXB!R!:)5





MGGQ*G_

MVI9E([Y0IXS^MXC[?P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`




OYX[0XJD!WZ]!7)2:6S[

L1(R



-O-L*;5-'':&7
M9%



8(5H`X8






;?
M[VF:QJ:/:R:;O1G&Q]








6L
^CNEUTKYWZC.[+HMT\-O:4'!;1@G/@)[QEYXZ.[`$32V4.N@&8$_

.'3ZL$'`69`1EQI81ET`'X:^0I+PUP
,J69.X=M/M!V^$
MV=.\$9ZRG3UPR6CRW-CVH*4#(RP
YT


MVI@5CG'Z$6L9P8N-R_HZV.@@T
%6!Z$.=CJ(%&!+9TW4)0_PQLNP[V16:TD
MN)E%--DA&SBZVC@T`'6QV$.MCI(%)`SXCA'2.&4SWEPI9$[S5W(0YJ=3$



MR`:1`)$M(B$B.T0BE?02'6N)BH5S
($&]3E-7E9
;'YW#!C`BF632[2SU^0
M=L/E:^`:$5^0H;K:$ENKCTT7)(T,D-VB[E5([&U*1IV05)HAX2BEL!FV)6U
M

XR)]XP11)Q9QM%36
D9FX@O@BC





8/?O_?LT:E;UJ+AK?5'!&_)6X_&^U$M)'M)J+4[.EX
MW$T


M]#)LD;I!8N1CM

5M(Z?EB:YIEE5&PE[Y
MK1+



M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!K];*X3`




M(UGR`OY)I

MKEO#`5

[!_G8I2']CRZ!JZG*F777D7R;P$BHW(A'FWI
3)H\77;2$5VV3@^XV.


MI]Q_X6*;&BCW!!RAL47\_L1U!!D%FI$_0:9(9K`!^'1R@:T!&6%O]GLO8I.&




M3UJ'NHY.#%9\


M+W-H965T

X$GU?8/_!\/O$D61)CI%D((GHW0%V@
5B+\]N
M1TF






[N;XU`

K^=

MJ*-04A9AR\OV23

:;$G)0N`MB2!&($M#U.%BE2YN%





?]..6AD*4_0E6NHX'&I]A::L^$=-







@<%N=7$D(0)2!4^J1`R1F9;WE<^QW$

MIA8_@'HOKY;K#\+N'-4





`%;Z84<=]P$%WM&Z9IX[V\6JZ[Q+VL8*WD3'$9.D8?


M8&^8



D64.BRF
D26'Q7R3



M8$UE;G/HA@8HC)F#&QZ\2!8PP%

L]ME1SY`'NCL:6&A9]FUNR(`]P


#UB-$J;!)\=B`$`S/Q
M

ADO#5Y4OJZ?VS]7A
M:;




MA`Y*




YO7UI2/:=5!BR#77B
M%3A1^LRIWS(.P6!3&1V+OQLM`R?DVO1_D%O7S&YYV4VP-'W%B0O868I9!1

?:?BVM7;\QV&ONG'P[.W:#^R:
N6B@F'2)KM-0V\:+`M(*JL3OLCL







M4





_J*I(QRF@L+Z&PE=%[SVE[;P+3=9`0J





M

M%?V+7$#_]=G^`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`G`5`9*D$```!$```&0``



M3U0$-;O)9K

/P\YT_/G].6SKY]5*7V

MF%56U#I5B)IG-/#Q6.0HQOFU0G5'11I49AV



MD1?PBO$;=T=()D4\E.^A?P6Z


?-L/B
D/1@N3
MM!\M7'DFO
=G

]+7[00/GVK2INI[-
ZZ;#%K\$V#


I@)X/])A@R^`-3);_PQLB0[SA5:TX
MN)OE2$;P)X2RV`C@T0&J0RV



MXD([16C/&R?0UL[UG00$HR#(,&X+PR\KE#)%ITB)+Q#+)#:WA4[^N:Q_`A

ME*I/6






M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````




[1V5!2T4D!+P]J/9EW64@EG
MSL6K7#.FI-T'0+O9+



7
^+


W`49J9'T]=HTB2

M[GQHJ_/O;5'KCCMGS\1G.V84Z4Z56Z/







M:RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`A''DLWH$``.$```&```````````````



M2P$+0`4``8`````$`#*\MPTL``%!0``&0````````````````L(@``












M='

N









M:&5E=#4U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!9+O\0V0(``&T'```9````````



M

M+W-H965T
S





Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`8OD[F2`0``-H.









M='













M!@`(````(0FQ))M]P(``.$(```9`````````````````%4&`0!X;]W;W)K


R
`


M2P$+0`4``8`````$`=%(+#P\%``!%$@``&0````````````````/$0$`






M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!K];*X3`
``%$+```9`````````````````&
U



M````(0!M!])S2P

M971S+W-H965T





O87!P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````

 'defref_fil_SubsequentEventsTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanySoldAnAggregateSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_GrossProceedsOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyIncurredFinderSFeesRelatedToTheseSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedSharesOfCommonStockToJohnBluher'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PaidMonthlyRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_UnsecuredAndNonInterestBearing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_BalanceDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyWasIndebtedToParkInTheAggregateTheAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_UnsecuredDemandPromissoryNoteInThePrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdditionalInAdvances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ParkCommittedToAdvanceTheCompanyAMinimumOnAnNonInterestBearingBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ParkSReceiptOfFundingFromAThirdParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ParkSecuredACommitmentFromAThirdParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdvancedAnAdditional'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyAgreedToIssueTheParkLenderWarrantsToPurchase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommonStockAtAnExercisePriceOfPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_KaeYongParkPledgedToTheParkLenderSharesOfHerCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RepayTheParkNoteWithinSixtyDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_StockBasedCompensationDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyCallsForABaseSalary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NonAccountableMonthlyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfSharesOfCompanyCommonStockUponBecomingCeo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfAnAdditionalSharesOfCommonStockThreeEqualInstallments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AnnualBaseSalary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfSharesOfCompanyCommonStock1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmortizationRelatedToSeveralWebSitesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WebDevelopmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LessAccumulatedDepreciation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalWebDevelopmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmortizationPeriodInYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesRelatedPartyTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesRelatedPartyTablesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ValuationAllowanceDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ValuationAllowanceAgainstTheDeferredAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Warrants1Abstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyGrantedWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyGrantedWarrantsWithAnExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NotesPayableRelatedPartyDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyIssuedAPromissoryNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TheNoteBearsInterestAtTheRatePerAnnum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanySReceiptOfAnAggregateInFunding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyPaidToTheNoteHolder'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RemainingDebtIsPayableInThirtySixEqualMonthlyInstallment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyRealizesAtLeastInGrossRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ContingencyAmountOfTheCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IncomeTaxProvisionDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_BookIncomeLossFromOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_StockOptionsIssuedForServices1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_StockOptionsIssuedForRelease1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DepreciationAndAmortization2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ImpairmentExpense1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ChangeInValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NetLossPerShareDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsExercisePrice020Share'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalCommonStockEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LiquidityAndGoingConcernAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiquidityDisclosureTextBlock'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A,C5D,V,X-U]A-#,V7S0P,#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q
M,V0W-F4Y834B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A
M-F(Q







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M3D-%7U-(14544U]005)%3E1(151)0T%

M:&5E='







O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

#I.86UE/DQ)455)1$E4



M/'@Z3F%M93Y714)?1$5614Q/4$U%3E1?0T]35%-?04Y$7T1/34$\+W@Z3F%M


M968]
&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^04-#3U5.5%-?4$%904),15]!3D1?04-#4E5%1%]%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@

15]214Q!

M968]
&-E

M;64^5T%24D%.5%






M3D547TQ/4U-?4$527U-(05)%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M+U-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS

3U-37U!%4E]32$%215]486)L97
\



M($A2968]
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX
M.DYA;64^3U)'04Y)6D%424].7T%.1%]05-)4U]/1E]04D53




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@






M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4%)/4$525%E?04Y$7T5154E0345.5%]$971A:6QS/]X


M:6]N7T1E=&%I;'





M:&5E=#



M(#QX.DYA;64^2V%E7UEO;F=?4&%R:U]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@


X


M+U-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@









&-E




M8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1/0TM05-%1%]#3TU014Y3

M($A2968]
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX
M.DYA;64^3D547TQ/4U-?4$527U-(05)%7T1E=&%I;',\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@






T0B5V]R:W-H




051%1%]005)4
M65]44D%.4T%#5$E/3E-?1&5T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=%]%=F5N='-?5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H







M9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A
#-F7V$V





^+RH@1&\@


$5&




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\

3X\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


]
T1P









]

M86QI9VX]


]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P
30\




]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP
#`Q-#
Y


M;!996%R($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#XM+3$R+3





]




]







]



\+W1D





]
M







]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0L
3$S+#`P


'0O:'1M;#L@


]

2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO







2PU



]

\

]







3$L
C4P(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO

]



]
T1N=6UP/C
Y
M





]



]







M

M;7`^-C$L-S



\+W-T

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D/@T*







M97


M('-H87)E.R`Q
#0L
#$Y+#$Y-B!A;F0@
3(L-3`P+#`P

2P@






S8L



]

3`L-S0P+#0X






T1T;W`^
M5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97


#8X/'-P86X^

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

04Y#12!32$5%5%
@4$%214Y4
M2$5424-!3%


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3


\

]


]







#`L
M
#`P+#`P

#`L



3DL
3DV

M
3(L-3`P+#`P


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!S:&%R97


3DL
3DV/'-P

3(L
M-3`P+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L
M


M
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]







]



]

]









]

M








]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C
R-2PR






]





]



M97)A=&EO;G


]



T1T;W`^26YT




]
M

;W-S($)E9F]R92!);F-O;64@5&%X97






]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#



M8F5R(&]F($-O;6UO;B!3:&%R97

S$Q








M=!I9#TS1$E$,$4T6D%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



]





]



]
T1R





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
M+#(U


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
U
RPW




R+#4P


]
T1R93X-






]
T1N=6UP/C`\


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q.2PP

M97


]


S8L.3





]

]
T1N=6T^*#
Q+#4P


T1T;W`^06-C
M;W5N='










]
M


]
M






]






M9VES=')A=&EO;G


M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6T^*#4Q-BPS
C$I/'-P

#QS

]

]



T1T;W`^4')O
M8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!S86QE(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@;F5T(&]F(&]F9F5R




]


]



M
#`L

]

BPP-S0L
M

M;7`^

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#8Y



]

]





]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



M

]




]


T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE







M
T1T;W`^1FEN9&5R)W


]



M;G


C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S
M9E]A-F(Q





M1'1H/D-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!3:&%R97
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H



]

3(L-3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C8X

M



M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8L.3
V/'-P


S$L(#(P
3
\

]


]




S$L(#(P
3



BPU


#`P*3QS








]





]







]




3`L
S4P/'-P86X^



C(P+#(W

]



M




#QS

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L
#8R+#4P

]
M









]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(Q.2PP




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
#`L
M

]
T1T




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]


]












]








]






]







]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#(W-RPR


]
T1N=6T^*#$P

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E

O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


M/3-$=&]P/D]21T%.25I!5$E/3B!!3D0@0D%325
@3T8@4%)%4T5.5$%424].
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^/'`@


'!T


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I








'!T.VQI;F4M


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO



M;VYS=&ET=71E('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

M=&5G;W)I97

M;W)E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

L








30W.U-%0R8C
M


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R![






&EN(#!P




Q-#@[*2X\+W`^

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M=&EO;G

N(%-U8V@@97-T:6UA=&5S(&EN











M

M17%U:79A;&5N='


2P@
C`Q



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

'!T.VQI;F4M


M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&UA9&4@:6X@861V86YC92!F;W(@9V]O9'
@;W(@












L('1H92!R96UA

@87)E


&EN

M

M









&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q
2XR)3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F


M9C!F


T0G=&5X

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`S-RXW
M





&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`U



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M
M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD

&EN


&8P.R!B;W)D

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ
&EN(#8N

&8P.R!B;W)D97(M



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F
#L@



M

&8P.R!B;W)D



M97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F

&EN(#8N
7!T


M97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F



&EN
M.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B







@;&]N9RUL


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M



T0G=&5X

M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SX_/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-F

M9C!F

&EN.W!A9&1I

#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

'!T(#`N
C5I






T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

M)W=I9'1H.C$P

T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]

#MB;W)D97(M

#MW:61T:#HT+C$V)3MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P


M+6QE9G0Z





@9&5E;65D('1O(&AA=F4@;V-C=7)R960@=VAE;B!T

M






M;VQL87!S93MM87)G:6XZ875T;R!A=71O(&%U=&\@

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z-XQ.4[8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


&8P



&EN





&8P.W=I9'1H.CDU+C@R
M)3MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

&EN.W!A


M

M;CHP:6X@







M='1O;3HC9C!F


&8P.W!A9&1I



&EN(#!I;B`P



M9C!F

&8P.W=I9'1H.CDU+C@T)3MB;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F


M=&]P.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

&8P9C`[

M
&EN(#!P=`P+C(U:6X[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SY#;VQL96-T:6]N
M(&ES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@87-S=7)E9X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87-S97-S97
@







'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

&EN(#!I;B`P










M='




M:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E
M8V]R9'




2P@

M;65N='

M

M;&4]

M9GD@87



M;B!T:&4@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%T($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R



M:6XZ




@=&\@;&5G86P@8V]S='


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@





M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&]N(&%N(&%V97)A9V4@8F%S:7
@9'5R




M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R




@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R







M('-T871E;65N='


30L

30M


#4L(8C,30W.U)E=F5N=64@
M4F5C;V=N:71I;VXL)B,Q-#@[(&%N9!M;W-T(&EN9'5S=')Y+7-P96-I9FEC






N)B
Q-#@[($%352`R
#$T+3`Y)B
Q





@





M;FEN9R!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P




M8W0@;V8@05-5(#(P
30M


M87)G:6XZ


&EN


30M

@
S8P*3H@4F5P;W)T:6YG

M:7-P;W-A;'

C`Q




M;BX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7

30M
M



#$T+3`X(&ES

M92!#;VUP86YY)B

M;65N='


M075G=7-T(#(P

30M
34L

2!T;R!C;VYT:6YU92!A<R!A(&=O:6YG(&-O
M;F-E<FXL(&%N9!T;R!P<F]V:61E(')E;&%T960@9F]O=&YO=&4@9&ES8VQO




C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?
M83`S9E]A-F(Q

T0G=&5X




M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/DY/5$4@
B`F(S$U
#L@3$E154E$2519+T=/24Y'



3`L-#@Q+#0X-R!A;F0@:&%V



#`X*2X@


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N






M


&EN(#!I;B`P




@8G5S:6YE





M-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B

O4VAE970Q







]




M14(@1$5614Q/4$U%3E0@0T]35%
@04Y$($1/34%)3B!.04U%4R!!4U-%5%
\


T1T;W`^5T5
M($1%5D5,3U!-14Y4($-/4U13($%.1!$3TU!24X@3D%-15

M;&4]




M:6XZ

S$L(#(P
30L('1H




2PR
3$@=VAI8V@@
M:7

#$T


M;#MM87)G:6XZ





N($9A:7(@=F%L=64@:7
@9&5T97)M:6YE

M;VX@;V8@)#$Q+#(U

M(#

M






&8P.W!A9&1I



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

#MB;W)D97(M
M;&5F=#HC9C!F



#MB;W)D






M;&4]



M;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



&8P9C`[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F

&EN)SX@/'`@86QI
M9VX]


@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V(^/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

#MB
M;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



M






T0G



T1L969T/B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

M9C!F


&EN


M(V8P9C!F



&EN(#!I









M

&8P.V)O


M


&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P
M9C!F


7!T('-O;&ED







M



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+6)O

M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F

M9RUT;W`Z

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

#MB;W)D97(M;&5F
M=#HC9C!F


M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#HU+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B-F


M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC
M9C!F


M9RUR:6=H=#HU+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT
M.B-F


M:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SY
97-S.B!!8V-U;75L


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S

M9#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



M9C!F




M/3-$8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F

&8P9C`[






M


M

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IW:6YD;W=T







M.B-F



FEN.W!A


M:6=H=#HC9C!F

T1R:6=H

M;#MM87)G:6XZ


T1B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS


M9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F%C:V=R;W5N

&8P9C`[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F

&EN)SX@/'`@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.VQI;F4M:&5I


R-RPY

M


M;VTZ







M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





M;7!A;GD@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@)#
U
RPW
C(@:6YC=7)R960@:6X@8V]N;F5C
M=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!P=7)C:&%S92!O9B!R:6=H='


@87)E




@8F%S960@




L



@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
30@;W(@
C`Q






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q



]
T1T97AT/CPA+2UE9W@M

M:6X@

34P.R!0

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H



S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3






T0G

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

#MB;W)D

#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
M



#MP861D:6YG+7)I


M;CHP:6X@





M9C!F

7!T




M86QI9VX]


@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30\+V(^/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

#MB

#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B-F



#MP861D:6YG



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO




M=#HC9C!F

M




M/'`@86QI9VX]


@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V(^/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M

#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B-F



#MP861D



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P

M;&4]


&8P

7!T('-O;&ED




M




#MB

#MW:61T:#HS:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC
M9C!F






M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z



M:'0Z(V8P9C!F
#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G=I;F1O=W1E






T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

7!T




'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W-R!S='EL93TS



#MP861D


M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
M


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT



M







&EN(#!P=#ML

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P
M9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M


3D@

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P
M9C`[=VED=&@Z


'!T.VQI

T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@




#MP861D:6YG+7)I





&8P.W=I
M9'1H.C`N

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O


M97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



&EN.W!A9&1I

M9C!F






M9C!F
&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

#MP861D


M+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


M=#X@/'`@86QI9VX]



M/3-$


M=#HC9C!F
&8P.W=I9'1H.C-I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO


T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
M


M(V8P9C!F

#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D






T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


'!T.VQI

M87)G:6XZ



M;&4]


&8P




#MP861D:6YG+7)I

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M
M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z







2P@
3MM87)G:6XZ,&EN(#!I;B`P<'0[;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXF;F)S<#L\+W`^/'-P86X^/]S<&%N/CPO=&0^

M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A,C5D,V,X-U]A-#,V7S0P,#1?83`S
M9E]A-F(Q,V0W-F4Y834-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B

M='
O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

@
M4D5


]


M9VX]

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^04-#3U5.5%,@4$%904),12!!3D0@04-#
M4E5%1!%6%!%3E-%4R!214Q!5$5$(%!!4E19/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M:6XZ





&EN(#!I;B`P


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=M87)G:6XZ875T;R!A=71O(&%U=&\@
S`N-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L

T1L969T/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

M


&EN.V)A


M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F

&EN

M:6X@


M9C!F
#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


M=#MW:61T:#HR






M


M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F

M

M;B`P:6X@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W

#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC
M9C!F




M:'0Z(V8P9C!F


M;#MM87)G:6XZ





M9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




&8P.W!A

T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

&EN(#!I






#MP861D

M87)G:6XZ

M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

T1B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
M
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[







M:6X@


&8P


&EN.V)A8VMG

M9'1H.C`N

M




&EN(#!P

M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXQ
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\
M='(@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
3$P


M



M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#HU+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B-F


M+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SY+=6)O;RP@26YC

B!S='EL

#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F
&8P





M9C!F

T0G;&EN92UH96EG



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

M;3HC9C!F


M




#MP861D:6YG+71O

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M9C!F




M:'0Z(V8P9C!F





#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F
M


BXV-7!T.W!A9&1I


M=#HC9C!F

T0G;&EN92UH




C$Q+C5P=#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N


#MP

M;#MM87)G:6XZ

M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

M9C!F


&EN


M;W`Z(V8P9C!F



&EN

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IW:6YD;W=T97AT
M(#$N-7!T(&1O=6)L93MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


M;&5F=#HU+C1P=#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T.V)O


#MP861D:6YG

M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M
'!T)SXU-BPV-S8\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/'-P86X^


C5D
V
X-U]A
M-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q

M;G0]

2!R




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]

]


]

M;CHP:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/DY/5$4@-B`F
M(S$U
#L@3D]415
@4$%904)

&EN(#!P

T0G




#`L


M









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z+3$N-7!T)SY/;B!*=6QY(#(U+`R

#`L
#`P(&]W:6YG('1O






#`@9'5E('5N9&5R('1H92!!;65N9&5D(&%N9!297-T871E9!.;W1E



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S9?-#`P-%]A
#-F7V$V






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R





&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/D]N
M($IU;'D@
C$L(#(P



@875T:&]R:7IE9!S:&%R97,@9G)O;2`Q,#`L,#`P+#`P,!T
M;R`R
#`L
#`P+#`P




C@T+#`P


M97





M:6XZ


M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R



M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M9B!S:&%R97






M87-E(&]F('1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K(&9O;&QO=V5D(&)Y('1H92!I;6UE9&EA



M;CHP:6X@



&EN

M


2P@
C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T92!O
M9B`Q+#$U,PP

M)#(L
#8Q+#
U


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT



C`Q




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/DEN

M(&]F(#
L-S
P+#`P




M86QL(&%M;W5N='
@=&AA=!C;W5L9!B92!C;&%I;65D(&EN(')E;&%T:6]N


M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN




30V.W

R`F(S$U
#L@

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE




@=VAO(&%R92!E;7!L;WEE97
@;W(@;W1H97)W

@


BPP
#`L
#`P('-H87)E

L(&]N92!O9B!O=7(@9&ER96-T;W)S('=H;R!I


3`P+#`P
M


N


M960@97AP96YS92!O9B`D-PU.3DL,#`P(&%N9`D
C$Y+#`P


M;CHP:6X@


M8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A






]

T1)1#!%3$4^


3(@

S$L(#(P


Z

]
M

M

M9GD[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M.C!I;B`P:6X@







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG



#`@=V%R



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H



M9&EN9STS1#`@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M='1O;3HC9C!F










M;&5F=#HU+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



M:6X@










M;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



&EN(#!P=#ML


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


M:'0Z(V8P9C!F
#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P9C`[



#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N


M


T0G8F]R9&5R


&8P.W=I9'1H.C%I;CMB







M;&4]


M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

&8P

&8P.W=I9'1H.C-I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B-F



#MP861D:6YG


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

M9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


&8P




M

#`\+W`^


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z



M:6=H=#HC9C!F

M


M;&5F=#HU+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F







&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N
FEN.V)O


M9RUT;W`Z

M


&EN(#!P=#ML
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C`N-S4\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z



M;W`Z

&8P

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z




M
&8P.W=I9'1H.C%I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M;W1T;VTZ

M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T.V)A8VMG

M;&4]

M87)G:6XZ


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@


M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M)SXN


&EN(#!P=#ML


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P
M9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M;VTZ(V8P9C!F

&EN

&8P.W!A9&1I

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@




&8P.W=I
M9'1H.C`N

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O


M97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;W`Z(V8P9C!F

#MW:61T:#HQ:6X[8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


&8P


M*#8U

&EN(#!I;B`P


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

M



T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT
M.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

#MP861D


M+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I






T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F,&8P9C`[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F,&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z,XR:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IW


&EN.W!A

M(V8P9C!F


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


M(V8P9C!F
#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T




M(V8P9C!F

#MW:61T:#HQ:6X[8F]R9&5R




M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

&8P.V)O

&8P.W=I9'1H.C-I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
M



#MP861D:6YG+7)I


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG

M+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


&8P9C`[




M;W`Z

&8P






&8P.V)O











M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

&EN.W!A

M(V8P9C!F


#MB;W)D97(M

#MW:61T:#HS:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F
&8P





M8VES86)L92P@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

&8P

&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

M;VTZ(V8P9C!F

&EN

&8P.W!A9&1I

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]



#MP861D


M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
M


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M;W`Z

&8P

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE



&8P.W=I
M9'1H.C`N

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O


M97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F




M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A,C5D,V,X-U]A-#,V7S0P,#1?
M83`S9E]A-F(Q,V0W-F4Y834-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







M
#L@0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15




B!M
M;VYT:'


#`N(%1H92!R








M
C
L(#(P

#`L
#`P('!R;VUI


M970@9&]M86EN(&YA;65S+B!4:&4@;W)I9VEN86P@;F]T92!B;W)E(&EN=&5R
M97-T(&%T('1H92!R871E(&]F(#
N



30V.W

M96EP=!O9B!A;B!A9V=R96=A=&4@;V8@)#$L,#`P+#`P,!I;B!F=6YD:6YG
M(AW:&5T:&5R(&1E8G0@;W(@97%U:71Y*2P@)#$P,PP





M)#$U


M96YT.BTQ+C5P=#MM87)G:6XZ









M
3`P+#`P



C4L



M86-H(&]N($]C=&]B97(@
2P@




M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A
M





^


M1$E$


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]
T1R;SX-


M87)G:6XZ

M(#$P(8C,34P.R!35$]#2RU05-%1!#3TU014Y3051)3TX\+V(^/]P/B`\

M




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M



M

M:78@86QI9VX]



T1W



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
2XQ-B4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC
M9C!F






&EN.W!A9&1I


M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN





&8P.W=I9'1H.C@Q

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[


#$S/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]

#MB;W)D97(M

#MW:61T:#HQ+C$V)3MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!S


M
#MW:61T:#HQ+C$V)3MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M;W1T;VTZ

&EN



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

T0G8F]R

&8P9C`[
M=VED=&@Z

#MP861D:6YG+6)O




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE



&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N

M9C!F





M9C!F
&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N

#MP861D




#MW
M:61T:#HQ-2XY-B4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXQ+#8U
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^


&EN(#!P=#ML

M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
2XQ-B4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3HC9C!F


&8P.W!A9&1I





&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M8VL@


&8P.W!A


M:'0[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]
T0X

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z.#$N-R4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F
M

M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F

M:'0Z

#L@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30\+W`^



&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N
M

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[



M9C!F

&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N



M;W`Z


#MB

#MW:61T:#HQ-2XY-B4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3HC9C!F


&8P.W!A9&1I


M87)G:6XZ

#`L
#`P

M:6XZ


&EN(#!I

3
L(#(P
30L



RPU

M86YC92!O9B`T
#`L




@;V8@
C4P+#`P

M.C!I;B`P:6X@


M


M9B`U
#`L






M4&%R=%]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

3U-3(%!%

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]

]



]

&EN(#!P
M=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/DY/5$4@
3$@)B




@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V0@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@



M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S97








M:6X@

'!T.VQI

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V


M87)G:6XZ


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M9C!F

M;VTZ(V8P9C!F


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
S0E(&-O;'-P86X]



#MW:61T:#HS
M-4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#%P=!S

'0M

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN
M;W)M86PG/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@

M


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F
&8P.W!A9&1I

M;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F

&EN.V)A8VMG

M:6X@

M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C`N-S5P=#X@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



M.B-F


M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

M97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
38N
M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;F]R;6%L)SX\8CXR



M:6=H=#HC9C!F
&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N

M9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M


'!T

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0T('-T


M=#HC9C!F




M=#HC9C!F


M:6X@




&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N
M

&8P.W!A

M969T.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



#MB;W)D97(M

#MW:61T:#HV
XY-4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

&EN.W!A9&1I


M

M;CHP:6X@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
M
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M=&]M.B-F


M-S5P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



&EN

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



&8P.W=I9'1H.C$U+C$R)3MB

#MP861D:6YG





&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N
M

&8P.W!A

M969T.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


M




M:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M;W1T;VTZ

&EN






&8P.W=I
M9'1H.C$N

M

M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F

M:'0Z


&8P

&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N

M=VAI=&4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M;&5F=#HC9C!F



T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT
M.B-F

M+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


&8P


M8VL@97%U:79A;&5N='

M

T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1R:6=H

&EN(#!P





&8P.W=I
M9'1H.C$N

M

M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F

M:'0Z


M

&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N
#8E.V)A


M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F

M:'0Z

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G8F]R

&8P9C`[
M=VED=&@Z



M

XW-7!T)SX@/'`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S

T
2!S='EL93TS1&)O


#MB;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

T0V('-T


&8P

#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F
&8P.V)A

M=&@]


M=#HC9C!F

#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC
M9C!F

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F



T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
M
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F
M




#MB;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

&EN


S9?
M-#`P-%]A





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




M344@5$%815

B`F(S$U
M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M







@;V8@=&AE(&-O;G-O



S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3



M:&5S92!L;W-S97
@;6%Y(&)E('-E=F5R96QY(&]R(&-O;7!L971E;'D@;&EM



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN


S$L(#(P
30@86YD
M(#(P
3
@:7

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE






&8P9C`[


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M:6=H=#H@


&8P






M

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P
M.R!W:61T:#H@
30N
7!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE

M=&0@=VED=&@]

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`W


7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R

T1C96YT97(@


3(O
S$O
C`Q

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M-CDN-G!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M87)G:6XZ



M(V8P9C!F
#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M

M87)E;G0[)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG
M/B@R+#
R-RPP
#@I/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]




&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F
#L@











T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

&8P9C`[('=I



M
&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN




#L@=VED=&@Z

M9'1H/3-$


#L@8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
3(N-G!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M




&8P9C`[(&)O

M
T0R


#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
38Y+C9P=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@=VAI


M9C!F




&EN.R!B;W)D
M97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F


M


&8P9C`[


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M:6=H=#H@

&EN(#!P=#ML

&8P9C`[

#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@=VAI=&4[(&)O

&EN(#!I


M(V8P9C!F


M:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXH

&8P


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M9RUR:6=H=#H@

&EN(#!P
M=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/E-T;V-K+V]P=&EO;G
@:7-S=65D(&9O

M/3-$


#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
3(N-G!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W:&ET
M93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F



&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P:6X[)SX\+W1D/B`\



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M
M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F





#L@=VED




M9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

M



M9C!F




M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D:6YG



'!T


#L@

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ


M9'1H/3-$





M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
M
3(N-G!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P
M9C!F


&8P.R!P861D
M:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P:6X[)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

&8P


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M9RUR:6=H=#H@

T0G=&5X

M

#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@=VAI

M




M

M:6XZ



M=#H@(V8P9C!F
#L@=VED=&@Z(#$R+C9P=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@=VAI=&4[



M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R+6QE


M:6X@


M9C!F



T0R
C8@


#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C
M9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
38Y+C9P=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@=VAI=&4[(&)O




&EN.R!B
M;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F


M9C!F



M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W
M:61T:#H@
30N
7!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(V8P9C!F


&8P
M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P:6X[)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F
#L@


M


#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V

M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F

&8P9C`[('!A9&1I

M=#H@
&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M






&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#H@

T0G

&8P.R!B;W)D97(M

M:71E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R


M.C!I;B`P:6X@

&8P9C`[(&)A8VMG

C5P




M

'!T.VQI;F4M

#0L
#`P(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

SDL


M;B`P:6X@

'!T

'!T


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q-S@N-G!T.R!B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R+6QE


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@



&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`W


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I


M

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P
M.R!W:61T:#H@-S(N-'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#%P

\


M
#L@=VED=&@Z(#$S+C9P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F



&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT




&8P9C`[('!A9&1I

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(V8P9C!F


&8P



&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q-S@N-G!T.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q



T0G8F]R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


#L@
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
3
N-G!T.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D:6YG






M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
C



M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


#L@
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
3
N-G!T.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D:6YG





M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXS.#(L
#(W/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F
M



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F
M=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q



M;&4]

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
M
&8P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R


&EN(#!P=#ML
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C4L
C$R/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F
M



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F
M=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




&8P9C`[('!A


#L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F


M9C!F


T0G=&5X

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q



T0G

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R+6QE



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/BT\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#(S.!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F


&8P9C`[('!A



#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$S+C9P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F



&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P

&8P


Y+#(V

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
M
3
N-G!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P
M9C!F


&8P.R!P861D
M:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P:6X[)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

&8P


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M9RUR:6=H=#H@

T0G=&5X



&EN(#!I;B`P

M





&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F
M=#H@(V8P9C!F





#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@

BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L


&8P.R!P861D:6YG
M+7)I9VAT.B`P:6X[)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN


C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V
M7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^



M/3-$=&]P/E-50E-%455%3E0@159%3E13/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



M+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



30V.W


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+B9N8G-P.R!4:&4@




M=#IN;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SY%9F9E8W1I=F4@36%Y(#$Y+`R,#$U+!W


@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@=VAI8V@@=&AE







M

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9!T:')O

C`Q-2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&UA:F]R:71Y
M('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R+!+864@66]N9R!087)K+!A;F0@:&5R('-P;W5S92P@




M+!O9B!W:&EC:`D.3
L

#



@;V8@36%Y(#$Y+`R,#$U+!T:&4@0V]M


M92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#0P
RPU
#`L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R`D
C`P+#`P
!A9'9A
M;F-E9!S:6YC92!-87D@
30L(#(P
34N(%1O(&5V:61E;F-E('1H:7
@:6YD

#





M;#MM87)G:6XZ

T0G

#`L
#`P(&EN(&%D=F%N
2`Q-2P@,C`Q-2`H=&AE(8C

Q

M9B`D
C`P+#`P




M;B!T=V\@=')A;F-H97

C`Q-2!A;F0@
M)#(P

3`P+#`P

#`@;VX@36%Y(#$X




















M;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

@=&AE(')I9VAT

M:&4@4&%R:R!
96YD97(@=&%K97
@;W=N97)S:&EP(&]F($US+B!087)K)B
Q



3`@
M;6EL;&EO;B!S:&%R97








M8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A






]

T1)1#!%0U!!



3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P


M5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R`H4$]
24-)15




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG





M4&]L:6-Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT






T1T;W`^4FES:R!A;F0@







M9&EN9R!F:6YA;F-I86PL(&]P97)A=&EO;F%L+!T96-H;F]L;V=I8V%L+!R

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE


M:79A;&5N='







M:60@:6YV97-T;65N='


@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@

C`Q
M

@86YD(&%L




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M
M86PG/CQB/E!R97!A:60@17AP96YS97








&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@


M

M=&EZ871I;VX@:7






M;G


'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S



M:6XZ






T1C96YT97(^(#QT86)L92!C96QL






M
&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`U


&8P.R!P


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE




M
&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN

&8P



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U

M;&4]

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
M
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@-3$N
#@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G8F]R9&5R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
M
3$N


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@

M-S(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R


&EN(#!P=#ML
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C

\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U

T0G8F]R9&5R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
M-3$N
#@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#H@


C4N.7!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

&8P9C`[('!A





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




&EN(#!I



M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SY


@
6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@86X@87-S970@;6%Y(&YO=!B92!R96-O=F5R86)L







2!I;7!A:7)E9!I=',@;&]N
M9RUL:79E9!A<W-E='
@;V8@)#
U
RPW
C(@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N
M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


]


&EN(#!P=#ML
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VX\+V(^





M;&4]

M87)G:6XZ875T;R!A=71O(&%U=&\@

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z-XQ.4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3HC9C!F







M


M

&8P.W=I9'1H.CDU+C@R)3MB;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B-F


M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



&EN

@;W(@8W5S



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ

M93MM87)G:6XZ875T;R!A=71O(&%U=&\@

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P
M9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F



M87


&EN(#!I


M1#DY)2!B;W)D97(]


35P



&8P.W=I9'1H
M.C0N

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP


M9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T(#`N
C5I;CML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG



#MW
M:61T:#HY-2XX
B4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F









T0Q
#`E

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P




&8P.W=I9'1H.C0N
38E


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R86YS

M.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T(#`N
C5I;CML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C\\+W`^



#MW:61T:#HY



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT



]
TM/CQP

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M



M87)G:6XZ










C4L

@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+!R97-P



M


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

M9GD[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET





@:7
@



!P;W-I=&EO;G
@




M87)G:6XZ


&EN


M;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&EN(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92X@5&AE


@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


M:6-Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

M
30V.W



M(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


]



M:7











@;VX@86X@


@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L

]
M


T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M87)G:6XZ


&EN

#$T+3$P+!W:&EC:!R961U8V5S('-O

M='
@9F]R(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT('-T86=E(&5N=&ET:65S+B!4:&4@8VAA;F=E

M




M:6X@

'!T.VQI

M9!!4U4@3F\N(#(P,30M,#DL()2979E;G5E(&9R;VT@0V]N=')A8W1S('=I
M=&@@0W5S=&]M97)S(B`H)B

30M

M05-5(#(P
30M




@

30W.U)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VXL)B
Q



M=FEC97
N($EN(&1O:6YG('-O+!C;VUP86YI97,@=VEL;!N965D('1O('5S


@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G1R86-T






M;65N='




@82!M86IO



M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M:6X@

M=&\@0V]N=&EN=64@87
@82!';VEN9R!#;VYC97)N(@F(S$T-SM!4U4@,C`Q
M-TQ-28C
30X.RDN($%352`R


30V.W
@86)I


34L(#(P



M;'D@979A;'5A=&EN9R!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!!
M4U4@

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
M
V9?839B

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


M


#$T/&)R





M:6XZ






T1C96YT97(^(#QT86)L92!C96QL






M
&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`U


&8P.R!P


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE




M
&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN

&8P



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U

M;&4]

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
M
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@-3$N
#@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G8F]R9&5R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
M
3$N


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@

M-S(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R


&EN(#!P=#ML
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C

\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U

T0G8F]R9&5R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
M-3$N
#@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#H@


C4N.7!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

&8P9C`[('!A










@04Y$
M($1/34%)3B!.04U%4R!!4U-%5%


]

3U!-
M14Y4($-/4U13($%.1!$3TU!24X@3D%-15,@05-31513(A486)L97
I.CPO


]
T1T97AT/CPA+2UE9W@M

M:6X@


2P@

'!T.VQI;F4M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T1B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
VEN


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M9C!F

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

M;B`P:6X@

M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@






&EN

&8P
M9C`[=VED=&@Z



M

&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

M;W1T;VTZ(V8P9C!F

M

&8P.W!A






&EN

&8P
M9C`[=VED=&@Z



&8P.V)O

&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

M(V8P9C!F

&EN.W!A





T0G=&5X


M

#MW:61T:#HS:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3HC9C!F






M;6%L)SY
97-S.B!!8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX\+W`^/]T9#X@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M

&8P9C`[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M9C!F

&EN(#!P=#ML



M




'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

M9VX]

M:6X@

M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R


&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N
M



#MW:61T

7!T('-O;&ED.W!A




T1R

&EN

M=#X@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P

M;&4]
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[
M=VED=&@Z

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O


M97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


'!T.VQI;F4M

&8P









M



#MP861D:6YG


S(W+#DQ
CPO


M
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED
M=&@Z


'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

&8P9C`[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z



#MB

#MW:61T:#HP+CAI;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



M.B-F


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

T1R:6=H

&EN(#!P


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
M
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M;W1T;VTZ(V8P9C!F

M

&8P.W!A

M97([;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

#`T
M7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A



M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
M



]



2P@


M9C!F
#MW:61T:#HS:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F







M=#X@/'`@86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y-B!C




#MP





2P@





T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y




M





2P@
C`Q




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M




#MP861D:6YG


M87)G:6XZ


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

M9C!F

&8P.W=I9'1H.C-I;CMB;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B-F



#MP


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

M(V8P9C!F

#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F



M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


&8P.V)O

&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N






M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXQ
BPT

M=#X@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P


M;&4]


&8P
M.W=I9'1H.C`N





M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M)SXM/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S


M
#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M;W1T;VTZ

M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T.V)A8VMG

M;&4]


&8P

&8P.W=I9'1H.C%I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B-F



#MP861D:6YG



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C

\
M+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
M
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

#MP861D:6YG


M=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F




&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N
FEN


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M9C!F

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M

#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B-F



#MP861D


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z


M:6X@


M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ


T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



M:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXM/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


M:'0Z(V8P9C!F
#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P9C`[



#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N






&8P.W=I9'1H.C%I;CMB;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F



M



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG

#MB;W)D97(M

#MW:61T:#HS:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F
&8P





97-S
M.B!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M

&8P.W!A

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H









&8P.W!A9&1I




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
M,&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F,&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z,XR:6X[8F]R9&5R


M;VTZ

M9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F


M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z


M;B`P:6X@


M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W-R!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
M

&EN(#!I

PY-C8\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D



&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N
FEN.V)O


M9RUT;W`Z

M


&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT
M.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z


M=#MM87)G:6XZ

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS


#MW:61T
M:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M

M+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F


T0G




&8P.W=I9'1H.C%I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P



#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT


M:6X@



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG


S9?-#`P-%]A




]

M:60]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

M15
@4D5


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^04-#3U5.5%,@4$%904),12!!3D0@
M04-#4E5%1!%6%!%3E-%4R!214Q!5$5$(%!!4E19(A486)L97,I/]T9#X-

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/D%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!T:&4@0V]M

@

T0G

M/3-$

M.F%U=&\@875T;R!A=71O(#

M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

&8P.V)O

&8P.W=I9'1H.C(Q

M;3HC9C!F







&8P







M;&4]



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M



M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SY#;VYS=6QT:6YG(&9E97


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M

M:6XZ





M
#MW:61T:#HX

#MP861D:6YG


M=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



B!S='EL93TS1&)O


#MW:61T:#HR
M

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP


M;&5F=#HC9C!F




#MW:61T

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M




M/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.VUA

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C$P+#`P
#PO


M9C!F
#MW:61T:#HX

#MP861D


M+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


M8RX@/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[
M=VED=&@Z
C$Q+C5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M;W1T;VTZ

M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T.V)A8VMG

M:6X@


M(V8P9C!F


M;W1T;VTZ

M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T.V)A8VMG

M



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
M
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M87)G:6XZ


C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S
M9E]A-F(Q




CX\


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]

3MM87)G:6XZ,&EN(#!I;B`P<'0[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SY4:&4@
M86-T:79I='D@;V8@<F5S=')I8W1E9!S=&]C:R!G<F%N=&5D('1O(&5M<&QO


M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$


#MP861D






M=#HC9C!F
&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N

#MP









M(V8P9C!F

#MW:61T:#HX
2XW)3MB;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F


M=&]P.C`N-S5P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

&8P



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO


T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
M
2XQ-B4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M;&5F=#HC9C!F






&8P.V)O


M(V8P9C!F


T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


M9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C`N-S5P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

2PV-3`L


M


M;W1T;VTZ(V8P9C!F

M


#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT






T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M9C!F


#MP861D:6YG+7)I

M86QI9VX]

M;CHP:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B@Q+#$U

M=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C`N-S5P

M87)G:6XZ

@
M=6YV97-T960@)B
Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A
C5D
V
X
M-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]

]


]


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

Q


2P@

M:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z,XU




M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

&8P.W=I9'1H.C-I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B-F



#MP861D



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P


M;&4]
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[
M=VED=&@Z



M

#MW:61T:#HQ:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M86X]


M:'0Z(V8P9C!F
#MW:61T:#HQ:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IW:6YD;W=T97AT


M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



2P@
C`Q

M

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
M
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z



&8P.W=I9'1H
M.C%I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

&EN

M9G0Z(V8P9C!F


T0G=&5X




&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

M9C!F

&EN.W!A9&1I



M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M.B-F



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M;6%L)SXN

T1R:6=H

&EN(#!P


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
M
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M;W1T;VTZ(V8P9C!F

M

&8P.W!A

T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M.B-F




M87)G:6XZ

#`L
#`P
M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL


#MW
M:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M;VTZ

M9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F


M


&8P.V)O

&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

M(V8P9C!F

&EN.W!A



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


M(V8P9C!F
#MW:61T:#HP+CAI;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T




M

&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

M;W1T;VTZ(V8P9C!F

M

&8P.W!A


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C`N
#4\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P
M9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M;VTZ(V8P9C!F

&EN

&8P.W!A9&1I



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



'!T

#`I/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(V8P9C!F

#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F



M





M
&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

#MP861D:6YG


M=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W-R!S='EL93TS1&)O


#MW:61T:#HP
M+CAI;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

&EN

M9G0Z(V8P9C!F


T0G=&5X



M=#HC9C!F
&8P.W=I9'1H.C`N

#MP


M=#HU+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/BT\
M+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
M
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

#MP861D:6YG


M=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1&)O


#MW:61T:#HP
M+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

&EN

M9G0Z(V8P9C!F


&EN(#!P



M9C!F

&8P.W=I9'1H.C%I;CMB;W)D97(M



M969T.B-F


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#IN;W)M86PG/B@Y-S4L

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z


M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
M
XR:6X[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IW:6YD;W=T97AT(#%P=!S;VQI9#MP861D


M+C1P=#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO

M


&8P.W=I


M:6X@

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ



&EN.W!A9&1I





M
2P@

3D@

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P
M9C`[=VED=&@Z




#MW:61T:#HQ


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXM/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

#MB

#MW:61T:#HP+C)I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B-F



#MP861D:6YG





#MW:61T

7!T('-O;&ED.W!A




T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C4N-'!T

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P
M9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[
M=VED=&@Z


M:6X@

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y-B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
6EN.V)O


'!T.VQI;F4M

M




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-F,&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F,&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z,XR




#MW:61T:#HP+CAI







&EN(#!P=#ML

M86QI9VX]

M;CHP:6X@


T0G


&8P.W=I9'1H

7!T('-O;&ED.W!A9&1I




T1R:6=H

&EN(#!P


M=%]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

3U-3(%!%4B!3

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]


M5!,3U-3(%!%4B!32$%212`H5&%B;&5S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C





&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE







&8P.W=I9'1H.C$N
#@E

&8P.W!A9&1I

M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



&8P

&8P.W=I9'1H.C
T)3MB86-K9W)O=6YD.G=H



M;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

2P\+V(^/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

#MB

#MW:61T:#HQ+C`V)3MB86-K9W)O=6YD.G=H

#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@.'!T)SXF;F)S

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0V



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;W`Z(V8P9C!F

#MW:61T:#HQ+C`X)3MB

#MP861D:6YG


M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M
38E(&-O;'-P86X]

#MB

#MW:61T:#HQ-BXR
B4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#IW

M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F


#MP861D:6YG

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R

&8P9C`[=VED
M=&@Z
2XP-B4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
M



M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SX\8CXR


T1B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3HC9C!F


&8P.W!A9&1I






#MP861D:6YG+7)I

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

M)#`N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


M:'0Z(V8P9C!F



M;W`Z

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



#MW:61T:#HQ+C`X

#MP861D


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
34N

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F


M9C!F



'!T

M9C!F
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C`N-S5P=#X@/'`@86QI9VX]

&EN(#!P=#ML
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C$L
C(U+#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
M
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
2XP-B4[8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M;VTZ

&EN.V)O



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG

M

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
M
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
2XP
B4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B-F


M-S5P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



&EN


&8P


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
2XP.4[8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N,C5P=!D;W5B


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
M
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
2XP-B4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B-F


M-S5P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



&EN

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
M
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
2XP-B4[8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F

M;VTZ

&EN.V)O



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG

M


M+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[=VED=&@Z
2XP-B4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N




#MW:61T:#HQ-BXT.4[8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#IW:&ET93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N,C5P=!D;W5B


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



2PR
C4L
#`P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


M:'0Z(V8P9C!F



M;W`Z

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



#MW:61T:#HQ+C`R

#MP861D


M=#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

&8P


#MB
M;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HC
M9C!F


T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3HC9C!F

&8P9C`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



M
#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V8P9C!F
#MB



M:'0Z(V8P9C!F
#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-F
&8P9C`[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M(V8P9C!F


M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

&8P.V)O


#MB;W)D
M97(M;&5F=#HC9C!F



'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT








M15


]








M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

@9F]L;&]W

M

M:78@86QI9VX]



T1W
M:61T:#HS
SDN

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




&EN
M.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B

M87)G:6XZ


M

&8P9C`[('=I
M9'1H.B`W

&8P9C`[('!A9&1I

M97([;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


T0G8F]R9&5R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@

&8P



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@
M(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXH
BPS
#(L

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(V8P9C!F
#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
30N
7!T
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B0\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F




&EN
M.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B

2PV
30I/]P/CPO=&0^/]T



&8P9C`[('!A

M;&5F=#H@
&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M=#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D:6YG


M=')A;G-P87)E;G0[)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$


#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
30N
7!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
M9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN





&8P9C`[('!A9&1I


#L@=VED=&@Z(#$R+C9P
M=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F









M
&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN

M.B`C9C!F


T1B


#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXH




&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F
M=#H@(V8P9C!F


&8P.R!B


M9C!F


&8P.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG


T0G

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B
M86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F



&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT



M

M:6XZ




&8P

#L@=VED=&@Z(#$R+C9P=#L@8F%C

&8P9C`[(&)A8VMG

&8P.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M:'0[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




&EN.R!B;W)D97(M
M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F


&8P


P
RPX

C(V('-T


M87)G:6XZ



&8P9C`[('!A

M;&5F=#H@
&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M=#H@

M;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F



M
BPX
3@L.#`S/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M







&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F
M


M:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/E-T;V-K+V]P=&EO;G
@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q

M;F0Z('=H:71E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I


T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M.B!W:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F



&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P:6X[)SX@
M/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.VUA

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C
X
BPP



M




M=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D:6YG+71O



'!T.VQI

M.B`C9C!F




&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F
M=#H@(V8P9C!F


&8P.R!B




#L@=VED=&@Z(#$T+C%P


&8P9C`[

&8P.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG




&8P.R!B;W)D

M



3


M(V8P9C!F
#L@=VED=&@Z(#$T+C%P=#L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@=VAI=&4[(&)O



M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z


M

&8P9C`[



&8P.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M.B`C9C!F






&EN.R!B;W)D
M97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F


M





M
&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q-CDN-G!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

&8P9C`[

M9C!F
&8P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@=VEN


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(V8P9C!F
#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
30N
7!T
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F
#L@


&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I
M9VAT.B`P:6X[)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M
M86PG/B0\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B

&EN

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R


M;B`P:6X@


@;V8@26YC





2P@


M(V8P9C!F

&8P


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M9RUR:6=H=#H@




T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q.!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B;W)D



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F
M




#L@=VED=&@Z

3@@


#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C
M9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
3
N-G!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`W


7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I

T1C


C`Q
SPO8CX\+W`^/]T
M9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(S.!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M=&]P.B`C9C!F





M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9C!F
#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
3
N-G!T.R!B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R+6QE



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B0\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F



&EN.R!B
M;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B86-K



#L@=VED=&@Z(#$S
M+C9P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F



&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P:6X[(&)A8VMG







M9C!F

&8P9C`[


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M:6=H=#H@








M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


&8P
M9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q



M9C!F
#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
M9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN

M;G0[)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/BT\
M+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R


#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@

M(V8P9C!F


&8P.R!P


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/E-T;V-K+V]P=&EO;G

M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q.!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F

&8P9C`[('!A

M;&5F=#H@
&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M=#H@


&8P9C`[('!A







&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q-S@N-G!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D:6YG+71O



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI



M9C!F
#L@=VED=&@Z(#$S+C9P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F
#L@


&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I

M9C!F



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F
#L@



M-2PR


M(V8P9C!F
#L@=VED=&@Z(#$S+C9P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F
M


&8P.R!P861D:6YG

M/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B`C9C!F



&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F
M



M:61T:#TS1#(S.!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B;W)D

&8P


&8P9C`[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q

M9VX]


#L@8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG

M86QI9VX]

M;CHP:6X@




M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


#L@=VED=&@Z



&EN
M.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

&EN.R!B

M87)G:6XZ


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M
#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
3
N-G!T.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z



&8P


&EN.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=#H@(V8P9C!F

M9RUR:6=H=#H@

T0G=&5X

&8P9C`[('=I9'1H.B`Q

M('=H:71E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@



M(V8P9C!F
#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W
M:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(V8P9C!F



&8P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P:6X[)SX@/'`@
M86QI9VX]

M;CHP:6X@


M.!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B`C9C!F


&8P9C`[('!A9&1I

M('=I9'1H/3-$


#L@8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!W:61T:#H@
3
N-G!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
&EN.R!P861D:6YG+71O


M;G-P87)E;G0[)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M
M86PG/B0\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B

&EN

&EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!I;CL@8F]R9&5R


M;B`P:6X@

M1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B`C9C!F
&8P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B!W:&ET93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N


M87)T7V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A






]

M




M

\

]


]


]


]


]







]
T1R

]
T1N


#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P
M-%]A

S$N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


#$T/&)R




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L-#@Q+#0X-SQS

]





M830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B

O4VAE970S
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M


#$T/&)R


]

]

M97


T1T;W`^5&AE

C$Q/'-P86X^

F5D('1O=V%R9'






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A
C5D
M
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]




]



]



]


]


3$L



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






#`T
M7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A



M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$502$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]
T1T


M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L-#




]
T1N


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U
M;!L:69E(&EN('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^




M=&%I;'


]






M
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@4$%904)
M12!!3D0@04-#4E5%1!%6%!%3E-%4R!214Q!5$5$(%!!4E19(A$971A:6QS


S$L(#(P





M86QI9VX]






]


]

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q
V0W




]


M4$%25%D@*$1E=&%I;'




M
#`L






T1T;W`^0V]M



T1T;W`^4F5M86EN:6YG(&1E8G0@:7









T1T;W`^0V]N=&EN9V5N8WD@
M86UO=6YT(&]F('1H92!C;VUP86YY/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A
C5D
V
X-U]A
M-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q

X



M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]






M9!R97-T871E9!I='







#`L






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A
C5D
M
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]




]







]

]
T1N=6UP/CDW+#(P


]




M86QI9VX]





@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&%N($5X
M97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F(#`N





]

]

]
M



]




M9W)E9V%T92!O9B!S:&%R97

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q
V0W



]




]

#DL(#(P






M1&YU;7`^


@;V8@:71S(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!T;R!T







]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3
R+#4P





M8V%N;F%B:7




]



]





M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A,C5D,V,X-U]A-#,V7S0P,#1?
M83`S9E]A-F(Q,V0W-F4Y834-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B

M:&5E='
O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


S`L(#(P



]

BPR
#`L

@
M=V5R92!G:69T960@=&\@2F]H;B!696YN97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]



M9VX]

3`P+#`P


]



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A
M




^


M1$E$

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R







M83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A
#-F

N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M






]



:69E/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


N(#





T1T;W`^17AP:7)E9]#86YC96QL960\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#8U




]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
CQS


]


]





]



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E


M;G0]


M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`P
2P@


#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^

#$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`Q
RP@


#$T/&)R

#$T




]


]


]



T1T;W`^0V\@86=R964@









]


]


]









3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S
















]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]


]


#`\


M/DEN(#








]


]






M


T1T








#`L
#`P/'-P




3`P+#`P


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^2F]H;B!;'5H97(@





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(U

]


]


#`T7V$P
M
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5224%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


@
M=6YV97-T960@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q





]
T1N=6T^*#$L
34P+#`P

]


M
#`L


M=%]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q





#$L(#(P
34\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$T

]
T1R

]


]








]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C0P
M


]




C4P+#`P
#QS

]


]

]
T1P

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
M
V9?839B

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

3U-3(%!%4B!32$%212!$971A


]




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@
M8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


2PR
C4L


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q
M


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O









]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S0Q+#8Q-#QS

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S0R+#`P
M


#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V$R-60S8S@W7V$T
S9?-#`P
M-%]A



M:G


M9#TS1$E$




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^







R-RPP






M9F]R=V%R9'

M;G5M/B@S
#

]
T1P



M/E-T;V-K+V]P=&EO;G




]


30T+#DQ


T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^

L

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B
M

O4VAE970U


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$


M*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





S9?-#`P-%]A




]
T1R


T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C
Y+#`P
#QS





]

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]




]
T1N=6T^)`H-PP.38L
S(T

34L


]



M;V-K+V]P=&EO;G





]


30T+#DQ


T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
34L


M=%]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q





M62!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E
@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96

]

P

M
2P@
C`Q

]










3$@


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U

]






M;7`^
3`L
#`P+#`P

]
T1P
2!A;B!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&EN(&-A<V@\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]


]





T1T
M;W`^0G5Y97(@;6%K97







M







M;7`^-3`L





]


]


]


]







S`P+#`P


]


]




2PV-S4L-C`T/'-P








]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]


]

3`P+#`P


]


]






M
#4L





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@







RPW
M-S4L





L($Q
0SPO=&0^











M


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q
V0W-F4Y834O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
























M;&4Z+R\O0SHO83(U9#-C.#=?830S-E\T
#`T7V$P
V9?839B
3-D-S9E.6$U

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]








]


]



@;V8@8V]M;6]N





]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^27-S=65D('-H


]


]





]



T1T;W`^56YS

L



]



@


]
T1R


#
L-3`P






#`L


C`P
M+#`P

]
T1T


M


#`\








#`L





]




]


]


]

]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^



2!D87ES/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XD(#
P




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]A
C5D
V
X-U]A-#
V7S0P
#1?83`S9E]A-F(Q
V0W-F4Y834O5V]R:W-H


M;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
M
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

@7V$T
S9?-#`P-%]A

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          



Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2013
1
225
000
        
        


        
400
000
        
        


        
(650
000)
        
        


        
(975
000)
        
        


Exercisable at Dec. 31
 2014
        
        
        


Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2014
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The deferred tax asset at December 31
(2
302
(741
(34% Federal
(4
294
(303
2
818
382
5
144
943
303
824


        
The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
(3
990
(15
2
818
382
5
144
639
15
107




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
1
225
1
225
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001078782-15-000872-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(``6*M$9'3++24H


%M=

M'H]/U--U_WRQ4QKC$W@:-2PAYY2

.\H=$MUIV4







-G6K
MUB=4V3



MO&
6XZL:

M3L=
F.ULNOOSWI+%T!SVD@I:AO
=\REWF7U)A0NS3
(BHWTJ9K]C4V[QJFM&
MRS2&/:

N(M\@EI++6#&
A




M`
X4EV?XV6'X`UBE\X4'X=P?ZO.=F9ZJ+DEO:*:BR$9`O$+/MKWDP_5LRIW3
M:^8G7[B9?F:3C0R4674L4'U^.BE+O4$HV\*K`25VH%;
#?)CRE\SHM91T@?3
L\HJ#C+N=-*[!2ER



M&..NY9).@;@!FTX3:E5U_



0FR%]03X
=3\7SELX6\




MQJZ#Q00
SE2%\HE(_BV5W`(/Y!UW`C\_C?)K9@ICT.^:YGB42$/7XWQP\.6R

F@.T

MB1E?P4(M99E0)




MUBMV&U?ODI2;0[&=61V

E]52]NX\!`$?D&L6Q)
MI=
==!M#LEWT6ZVL.-L&&N

M

MS+!XWGM3_[&@


954DESV(*909)G[B

M[^!!*O@'7945=5#@MTQPS][TCM+;^L$?EE.!X)8=**_07CG,!I/(/@2QSQ

`3:/?[FBZJ+^^C.&-:@GIS2';%%/5`X'G%
`

WZKX`CN3PP^BO




H$-%&7JQ5X5Z7GR:@S

7J#WF#PDN`R482[*S51K(N'PNRVC-+;1:7=

0$V.;/DL2FG5&XX&B7BR
M@.D!P.U6.(7LE6`5J9EI=%\66Y99ZQB=X7A_$.6*D$LK5!=6[5Q]VBQ2;@;3
M;CWJ*C?B1=$4J
^X
QH.7P13%O-$]7A=YA4*O*N&(;N!919C-X@N/S9Y-5Q%

K1WSY_I+]Y@OO)
N6]);==?5\#Q0%[\-)0XWKX


7A%
S;5C5




M
E


_\
?U\2Z3\[[
V/=.G)
VS?H@[0
M/_TMD#Z?/I\M*-@9]]3@+E'_+_TS!P3;FJMK;$Y=

M.H8Q:@


MS.06H'\QUP5G*A
8+9!F(:I$7FD2BJQT?XJ&=[X3
M^_:0/?UC19X$DN/--#BVH$!+?0H'1/Z(_ZRHX`QD@X/F(I^U6/'(#TXX2B;
MHS81:@INX@@/&?NC


$XP=P/)OBMEIU:X(J'$IOH
&:BYNE5*96G(




R]W

M2[K4AYER=3NLQA)U(#F:)-V520:.U^IG






M!1
790*$<\L/U**G%R(@




PQ-5.@8RX_XWKL?A)9!D_84X

MA(Z

M1/


IO?OP]\/PSBV%24_^\
M;N1CS0S!ZBRYI'B]5]C8T/^H)TMJV]M/'KGMS\//^L
?PD\GJ'YBHVFRP^JU


T.CVFV.YNCLRG-5QZ5I$P4B8S^)RR%:I(Q?!`^M(U^
MV6'


'SG7B
M%3N^3KNJ#WZ+HFJ;$_@_J@HIVKK8FIQ#U1F+K/JA1[HC83@Z6G\ZJZZ(%A
[&O%C)V;HZ`U4;A'@'XSAS50'J^[#
M5*0:P0\U$7KP!VY-JST&QXF4
%%K+3B6J%(U[1?
ST\S-]7%9M+%XW'%=/%X

ML?'/^WJ%X_[^PA_WVZ.OW14\B/1O&9;-JU
%#`^1X$H4KME'0^)UV#9)I?_
M;N]-FQLWD@7`SV\C]C]@8]LQZ@B*3?`4/7ZSP5:K;8V[)8VD'J\_;4!D480-
M`C0*D)K^]9N950442/^0*HBWO.H);*.O#
KC]D?D;D%7/Z)KJ^2^7+SNY)*

KQDWM=E4$.&-/#W'!<),$--94[3
M7])B[?*;D7#&KGL3+%88`?<F[;I+X`[65?G!.#4S0,E$LBPF$R]7P'7%UYPG
MU\-CD2


_42$A]S

&T=


M^9'7\1X(OLK9O3:Z$0B5$@6&9@[Z;,9S[R;+:J*GGSV(R*GX;];L9915&%


[R

M&DF!6

[9.N2NC@^@^(\K0X?


.41KJK1+(%7+SY_0L/YQ:6^
-C'41C_
M+X[K*2]%[U$KF\SCM_`2KW1S-`4QFQ#

MCC7CX&E+8RX3#SW1!S:UC#




MA-@V`GFB/7U*OJ@+\^BRT@;52`]/*KF8DO8NDW8\I'@O5;**?*/26EKB:G(E
MK;.E(G;9FYI;S[';2WH(A7(K+6Y1MK2%9#]$E)%C036ROYQ


3`-9RH@E7.M+`
#YH0[


T8=PWB4--L[3QX`%%B1'X#2$8:BO7IZ
I(SU(DGP8$
HY'G



]%










5#ZV\`VTH(4CTV2?
M&&7E]&*
3/O$89(5

M2R9:)2\G@WH!848%3XAHM9E@)(:&B.Y
V)P/Z#+9

;RSN$'*LF0L(]
+CP0

V2K.`@FIQN@9C4=;@I
MNC+-Z

=)TRUIQQ6Z\.NGQ
+!R3


GJBRG*B)GH746
M:8G/;(.RM


M4_S9IX&]I(@V/Q


:48^]80R\V[]=M4?`GX)I5:NV2FW;O!T6#2]&=AG99627<0N/R/&+3P!
MMU#\J*:LT;]Z[LL
H7I$I9]K]?#(5CDW:J56M9J.Z\+^'8'ORS%Y23OU41QV


MD%)/L5


MN0IV!L&&4I'E








MB?$
BX81XQD:S]!XAEME#^
%%D./[\&


/


MXW?.&
D._AG&K/?%%1VX7





M
#[R_
CE-Z*7.[T7&@%B%+)1R&]<(=N54L4HY$)RS:_Q4Q4
MK&N_6[:





MF#+J6.\:%0K^6*
P&
)O@Y!F&S
YP/F/V)\SP3F;W=TJP5H6N

M
V8Z8P8X;10`[[@^SDK&3$\F/L]PA'(D
LIQYC!L5BM7&S]8(W#






.N.


MA!$E4@


/M@YA[6GU
`AI5&Y.=;2X`

X[HR2T84:('I<TE
MR









D^:=JG6(`


;`MHU3PYPDP21:35'1SV;FS

3-I274IJO4$BMMSP'7H
M)3T3I
WE(T:[@
44X?W]**']@HTA8&0+QF7#L3(\N


M:N5V\E@DMK2@B/;A:A(G4SY:8/T[&/C6?QGP?@B2)/!E;*4?EH0BD.+*#@


MU1E+].OIY;XX

MZ?`^/0J`5??C;S*05JC`_X4N;G_KW-]W;AX?3N\-(+]QE'PG.F??71YE8IUZ
M`'3@O&!T=(3A!3)E@%3#XI^4^GK&JAAT:.-:'G3
N+\ZC8&@ID*8`3G:_Z

M7*@(U3-B$
@L@P2G!)N\L/7%8Q?PM



7Q:^N+V%S&

M&'EU

D/*XS
M(65JX&.&DXG*:NIQAQ+8$(<]8ES4W#L@9@.CE
/'#EADV9]5
FTJG
M&G`6OKA=

':\:)R.-\0I



M6=7:O+%9Z4STG#GJ0*A_Q/[D-`)M&N/ZXX

F#&Q8%9HN?\

&IQ$U

YNLLQ5F-KTG



LO?M:$B]5T@E(`#&
M7
_JQ

4H_9Y8


M.$:H(''6_,'MY),P$_0IKK4ISFK
EOTV!K^-)M-PHPH)^

M!AU(#O:D7VS#CEF5Y-*A5JMY1Y..%6*0!OI).^TRX!'_64SR*M30*[NB^U0/

M$MHA







^3D5]&)@;+V*/ZJ(Q9YZ1IBK$CWD)

MGDSV%)97YE4L2LGQ)1I?L=

M+2ML\XT^.MSM6IC#[V&.)(I$2%FL@.=C6*TF)_&%B@9EY+FDX\BN5.&M@5

:RXD<EB;?`60.CT%T
MT.[J]Q?_M(8L&@24KM9CF&$-*+54^0+^A\#BI$=B_3[K4K:Z?J)@1!4?HL*

&&I1Z+D@@X6:]

/.

J%P=).





MF-+@[


_WHZ8GXQO(L@:`H#^_5\VE50


=/-ZEH

2/

K)DG:)SA2--:Z35#SK$4#N)T
M^S0M#WL#:&T78
^1

MN?V2=O1X;W6=
IVJ8FMC861@SG7S%O3



G3'.5.7PY1`'S=(

M-2H_6

7C4Q5JTO:</IF\X.U[7(SO=+150DL;0L)
\T.\WZ'`013I[-LW_6CQFV
MMHR8:H'QLL#/:^HX%H5%JU*N3X%BU?7[P6O*(E6*-W:$\'NN:++KGZHV1^V



MRGJSVKU'ZS/(K^@9+5^L#HOSV7K








]7W#&&4X81'#(:XU8A

T#P/3QF[4VG=CEUBAT

M-JL


MUPV-&AHUFO-:\+=U+@;T6)$RXY$RQ9KWPV5&BH]'@5HU-P&:NYRX/C/LY+]
MC2PIMQYBU5C6&Q2;1;9S2L
5@PU[M[FHOP7X]
=B;(SI2/'8*:PN#B+BM
M%




8CYK;2:E/WTX4I;F9G[OYO;QRK+KEJP*;U3^:3U\



WJ17!Y=5NR1G&(
M!XOP2P.76VPX\H(Q/0



M12X3)QUBZP[FBV8C\.^0X3L4+Q/Q9X!`'`#8]CSD52_NP0KXW=!GL+TCN(&V
M[@




=.-7!:/_#/B4X8CX#B'6JW\N1P%V@1&$MP

TG'


MLT\J]28=T




MAS_
D!LAB!YW1.MWG9&+JO)




M%`PV((E(V.9QV!U@^[LJ

/@%5W\/%B?\1@


&%G2#$S!+(5$*$%$MF0



^WI-S^%+00.#P+G8W`DG6Q4`D1
M/R5J)[F^75D6T&?*VTZ^2V:H0]X#=4N%;]8G#_@^53KPT`XBI&$3[X:@@B
M*

)Y#
0\E'M&9O^YUN%S4=









M/





MMO0'I3X)$!R5&#V+P%\?%$!F+E1KC&V%+EF/Q:!K;YI7QM[ST&']DOS.M]

M=9[D0[TXQ#Y9Y4X\OZI25`'C6Y)9EYBE`X)1G//(64?=D^GW%+*Y*^\I3!A%
M3TA-+PYXJC&W9





8OG'#4:)7M

30MPUTUD25@
MI&#!I2!&4GI:)*6;1%*
Y#N(Y*LVRNTU?$\C_/9L*RZ!I\9R
E#\N.0\]:V^










4ND\QVAN8
MY

N8Y[N$U([%G5VIKCO\!O'+.V:;Y'?B/MZF\1
M^I\8&M^A2#.CIA.8G&$EO\9V%5B'1M6^5`&C/B2
K
B-/-GL1R884VD75?/)

O&M&/-3UG7
M6NE@_=0+M97!^@$L[]1;3KA#IG7-H3(^@YE?(M2!N0J5:*@*F_$GDGHM9H

:'+09=P(03]7*R]_@A

M
B(IV&J)<&EF0_^@?R6*&5'V=15+15'(]#IUWI.\%(%O#(JATA$!)1)%HA
M`$1&08B]VG5H*JFG5D[?PX5[([N@[M!-N2A
WB6V'\6Q76X\&2FV0?[5Q_
MXO12I

APX#('VZR6U;NIN$#.#AF4RM).#Y@3FUC*AWG5


MK4U3D!IW2E_+OIVI*

M9(LRT$-IG;PI:`T(M6YO
5F#U%




?4<<VESJ/.5&M#RM_I8DR$NF#C7!JP47K!*)*SQ22:TF;X/+]I;D&D

M$XF(EM

E%4[$H!ZC$
M7

JIHC4)%GV0JY81K;?_=

[3#2=4*HR&4
MB69)QR1@U1BV30N#M%D;QHOP#O(@PZ`'S
MZ


M*
APZ862#/I+J)AMBJV

F(CY3?




ZA$J9\\B;8#X*(



:=WRC0)-I6VK:EIJVI7


MW

?&A+FTUBXG%4):&Q:.DTNIM:O;C8N'2^E@J&#45


MKVZ






*R._C/PZ338Q?F'1
&+\PL+ZA0M0





GHLY-P/P4K:FB@W\__6=*]99MVL\4




4\6.A/O6MCC2E#JBAT$9D6N-N\#4;7)$GL;6!!ZH(0



M`[;+C4K%Z%^C?XW^-?IWYZ#O]%XP/&H4KU&\18;XGK(Y*D;S'ECSQD]!4+*N
M_6[9
MIW3WTVX=\LM


!2Z7<PLY'AJZQG0B/^*`HL-1UXP9HQ;HSCD,;IDR6]IQI_S'#*&
M/_%3S4+4V;?1^F'9W$3!K(U6N=+\86:BXJ:IB!?V#YO;AW:Y]<.:JI/R*;,B
MI)(*ISD1'ZSR


M?T\MC&VA%_+;&!O%4+PX4MVHCR
480;FIZ
V@GUO;SK5Y;R(18][_U)I^\






^Z*!\S&]X]J+G;8B6*+[K0`P-DKQBF`
D(](



MW488;4\8G37GS1\T^OM$]/?;04U1A)1Q



.^W#ONH*QS

JVWDIZQ2;
U26ECK[97!'4




M6^W*H5HW3K0Q&MX\Y
^JI5JE6JI4VOO
[S\)?6SXXPU`_JQ5MTM-NY[/'1NI
M=N-/[_BIU#(:?V
/X\W)%J/[#*5L

MK##\UV@W0X\'K_`V6JU06BUD'G
X
TK-)$")':1;54J;:,2C/46`!J-JM
MRKM$QN%K.LZJ-*HWM`9!F'D_DV_,/K,2)`2)!&J6I7C38SM%@`6C3:K
C:

:.J5L3!?QTO


M:X361?%-I^+8K=N&?JW`P
^!DNDS.D-1[J$IX_8[C!IB-AU&#T?
^^LM:G3F
M:ECZ&`1_*I/R#(M8WUO]
!BJRM;`WTJ9SUN2/L?KYJX0QG[KD#^KE=KM2JEJ
MM[925&OXP_#'24'^S&Z4[
H
YMC'FX^Q`PI8[?N6Q)P1.'L5.%NM`C9T:NCT

C90Q4F9'4F9K



M6HF[N/!MOS

V=`^3``:X`3Y2R'



E6
M)UY[8_WHR;4[G]@+\X(1/I@\1




LA<*@\TW
M7D
)9OS0DLM_T









M'O:[



F[';Y:\#0)0I/L$Y$^H'88Y%A4*^T
M\Z#=;#6:E;I
X-C*099``QJ!(&2B-$T@2X2T2_8T-UUG]
!`R6%X8
PC-N0+
MG]GK


D;N@YGC(\`K@\
M3G-0S$_6(9ES@4SAV3S+)B^!:K+9KM'6C?71C[(*]1KO)#21?99_S8:B-9
#1RJ]-\C%V<JYITSUG+C<SRZX`EF.X:N)_RN[_I]:SOUEMD76GE_[

MS

M?[63?.

MO2!R

?HF67NDG.(!!;/T`2-E6T%COTGI5[B%9C]BDDCA:8ODL7:='N?`&
M&ZT)ZZUMO!*
*XW\W8']*?=96



MD






MN1)L0WFTQN;+B:&5N.O;*/!!`(-B`Z^#!:L=:EUQ-+%ISH$[?J?7HT)VQ\MY

MGUQM)59;(C


:/:?L7?%)?`*YD11Q?RJUZF#8K?K%TE=WNR5M['_









N4


M90WDK)IF





MI&TR96=
6
M%A]@KLN<M^14H8B*KJ!\1O*'0W^AH,1T6[$UCE/-/%RLL:=^WCF]S);Q:'..
MF/5I597W<EOE.;AW'NL]2V6?WDIIO5^P#\L294YD&PT

_

(?WQB$T9R$#'Y[_^


\O5@?0
+$
M.IE/)M^_\B



8BBT8\?/KR^OI;!WT_!R\?+J]_S7)V^C6QY@=M
MT9]&=`RY`3!2)D20IQ6;/B_GSZDOQ6?8I)_=9'+4IZ&#=)%?_H@[S5U1\6W
MA[@G)LR!Q
4;-
XKC7.[#=^6OUO^!H+Q#WQ^P%+SO%99\_R'/[VDGW5.7SOT

M^IAV?K'63Q]RM_@7$(


F=P]@(



%7SZ``^YS)'@(.9
M4]&.%0^S+E0H7



MU5'Z\!JJML$K&78$+`(.UG[AH/[0![\!\#'.P%N/B@J`@\8F.!`=U@Y_@\;:


QP'*
M-H+_Y$-#F`/PP_\/4$L#!!0````(``6*


MEFZ5*$7`I+U5)KE0:XZ=V4ZA_WYVFG0I)*%TJDA?@-CG?IQ[[&N'B\M50(P'

T@'K
QW31-;%@UOGY:=MRS



M\K8UR
8^O_O:&_2&?7?RPW6GDYH19]V1CR%T:P('(8%T[)[#O%NC'@JMU(LN
M]O&F$_M?3AXB7D1BN0?J^85[6$F@/OAI`)W2FY+6X9)XA'G9&;1:XUQ,\O!
MSHP1V(65S42U@*A
`YF`Y$B'8G96@TG65S'R?!=3PB0(O5


MV(*@MB;I;I5D-K/.0LVJID&8Z],VXB$RH%VCLBIL&X#SQIIDO`BWOY]+`G

=J*)%

M*LKY:IU51*TI1^HVKU]PJ53ONPC3[7J5VWP(Q;;0SM?L\VZO




PP_==^?G%]VXX=M??WGS
;S8&!=CG@-G<-&*?KV=
#
`!\8]+\Q


MN0L/K\)U+U]ZUP+K3DP\%+
P[80&=*@@%[&G(_KG%E/XY$/7AG;
ELDO4T-A

MT.A#P]3[?WW61P-U9@S4H=;73&&


8X&]52JT


43G==






%PIJDE

Z-K
5+GHT0X7''0+=6LXWL54K]P#2#CI



M!%_G\@S'Q&&']O3%Q//A%#RS%
[V5M;CF*E0MX8;I9CJ*2:0&``/$8U4


AHW






M^4GJ1(Y_F$6\1MP*BB'L=;.K6]2S5RF+



V9DD5B
\*6S%8]YK@VX8=))3
MQUK*$K]'L=8X-IVW


XQ$)L=A![.H
TLH*5E.*098!#F/7O'2#?`/P+



MY5X.+XZ_+(A6!L7*L2K&NQQ2RLK#/OH?V%QS=P!U9$W/H($=!@X-\0SD0R((

RB]`#G

GJQ$#/(1`Q+
MF6UJ=03`&:%%O@ER.AZ/&?(0D%A/[P@KBO)'3WIMT-VW#;]?7&\=T`0W7BV#
L[RGK&Q=AYA+&5=$3$V/<9LU/QG&UZYQDZ(!J:\-0K?N(R3\





M`_1(N*`L_/[LZN*;
T1C_DT7'Y_1@7K_?6O?W[;NSK[^]_^^(?O_J/70V/
M7ES]_


M\KL+.+^$]I
MZ#
J[^`


K\8=B
V:/6+7




Z4U1WF7OI`_F@0+WGC
M4O+@D4W42\U!-5]PMG;H%RF7S/&'O*P;4K)3$T&\BR5[O/0)5;
E^$&%F]XW
M5\D\ZT_RT2\SCF%2.MVNYRPX

(QHM$5)OTAWW!7S*I0X
MM9
/I_MTM[1P(8%ZO-1.D_66701F':ZE*%M7<O(?/A'M4$#_'G/=_LS+?%R2L
MECUI9ZYLLQ%W)EL<Q^LYX6`


MRIOX5FYK-PFNRZ+5A%@3`V/*D$
Z*&GA&7S*6V=@ZFD\V^H
7XCL
0SZFX
M)P%LEX_B/01#=LC6DXQFLB1N'PV5O)3T+DS/8C#0+IS&JK2AQL9-T3R1CU

A;LKT*&W:SDE=4G-6$)^&[QS7C
B!K

H)\BI]STX-


=@1^EHM=%]NW(H
M:\9-WB+'`1B9X]`+Y.A
E:_

M!B\DTU3^49PCLMX$;$O@QU^9'




+E?2U6&%E#OO[I3#-5#L



M9


MM
*/!
T)D:^PP)=^@I:04J9VM[-%F@)]I4^H





V;1OKDV01T$5`&TTY13L3#W3
MU#

M$)XSL6Q\+&4#*3YT11)D.;




?
\O-A



U#;WF@K!^!:%DG::#+W9

Y8)




)8W*OOS
8B:HCWIJJYLWM')3/563-+M%!$4$9*N=(

M#


5#0^NW-`Q
M


/0

MD]'DA@9Q].(2]JJMG-]14



M8G&JK]

EF0#

M51/X,BC)B*B:Y4-[@68KD67J1J+C#7)27D.=(P0(D2MW!*&R7K04Z7JTAD


`&EXA'*P$!

EMV6$0I&930`?P0]S!$3H4Q0Q`9R77)CVIHYQ!ZJ*8)
8L-VCVN:XD):'@$Z@JQ4\6
M?`L6!!I(U3'6C%LQ2T%G:LO:%7^MKZOCA
JZ!NMLK)VQ]XRODP*
I'Q9/EG2

4BH7FBP=*5F
:QT:&XKSPP

(!__D0P'\).V0WQ%

[M%8`W&

+4F/Y7J-.HJ*.\J\XJFB3-EF9


MX0`CQ
B.U;1ZUVE7H9HJ*.`E2$C%#]+Z]3=%R(Z[/[NZS
;)AD3:5]=
XEC&

K5W0D5C6#NJE?$#J`-:<J!2M#@$H[7F



M3'IE;K-1*/^R*W\KQ.PX.4E+6(1V%&*7M9\00UEJ:



F.=C7/)DO3'3!Z+2*BX*@9R*T[YS=
FF;HG

M`)26OG_^3L\




D\5B(_+\?CD69IC





M)[PW+)MIB.$`VEH81EWZ/BX?YHH)/-_#\_+QY@[IF*N6&TXHQ69OV.F+Q!
M=;$(=PMPO'OD^?G/E

4





#-V

(..;&#@]T0)%2M`%0+`A79V%QL.5.@PWQ!



M
PI%'D





MA8VK=2$JN6\X4G_%.PE9`XM]X^X=&EEV0[@\&W/X^K('1A!54YJ/8?\M+Q
M69*`+8PBPB05LJ)L*E&L-=DHD48OAW112Z4





`*+M)X)*`!?/(LE(TB0A=.))+$'CA$2#1^=-!!
<!-FA!$DDR*?[$#BXX<;*9^=746[1E4&
APA:

T+&=J*NRRO[4SU[[NU:YUY
^9HE%++^6

FU;



-GG_N7A<PJH?LM7GGC@
[--%KP%6=#8++7#`&B;[
XL-D``


MOQ1*$J0FBP

M7B&
+
TK;MY^8.*%BY_4_Y^BM0$C81B`>Q]F4DO[^?^Z
%@V\@
MGQ

DV.Y.W
MC^OX[_NG&


M2K\::F8G:$3.NB@;4
?O0Y

+)K8P'-T2:

M44DR9^BQ*

M(TF
W2V1T2@%<Y=





-J42
M=*


?Y*WW



MH+9I+8Q%K;(R]^J0.C)D73IDDP/P@N_




0#]X*$


7V884$IC%/PGWMN*9TACR75_\

M3VRUQPD/6V9&*






M0R%GS*-
.



MJ[[['V

%4#P:C.^3CR/?M5CEKMR
VGV*8G3])&_\<BXY3U]







MCR^BNR`


+-OLN+\'



M?[QE[Y&G7`BZ*U6/0X-$L6KO
\%CO
W$L:!#O7;_\=`+(%J4\4!%B$M`1Y&\
MM=KSF\04(5-??5]`Y`3]5X1/7A`MHQNA#+$/B7@*\3C^9+K1:7H2M1I8R&/\
M#(:&YE/;8G`9G17#4P6+BWQ7`:2$S%

(:7
S








4X8D-#\G7X\]0J0B.2UXU.
+X1K^*&'
M

O':-
%Y&5/Z/

A'X$_-++1$V
M
LSAGOKIV0
X9N`$WA93Q)&K.`CE[YZ]:1V&6CZ;I2T*


?KX82W&4B**YZO6-




M7^5\%1ZNOCRGH)4.ZSL01OQS*G.GHP28226%R2L&;.DUP^O((KN8J4^1([

'1
^@








M0D6:OK?/=N++_

M6D;$(U-E5\57:]AG#Z'QPYK(HTJ4U+MI2@W!B@^'9('I\ER2P:A`\-G@5%K
M$OH$'*W=EG&04'E#T*(?Z!V'R=2P6E]'`T
96


M*76D_S@TG;+[L(XRY3*-R=EG;Y48&V7W_YQG:98]B_S3_MZ-D33+:Y1MM5L9





'D`HF_%_F%3XN:




M[^;J3^!J&




`F

MY\OM31)8U(`N.IIELBOK$O:&G(9W-Y%)S1T8A&U/1:$F*0$6%'6JQ$;*K5
MC)UT5+_P[_$=\2?GII(S\S




M=J-!'%QW0FD\742E?
:53MQLR


35_]8D&)%





&43


@24-K(8AG&W\P\&OHPB)C@/*G
5O


5=A!3L9$FL<MS7;.4:E[T!\2DM^%325[+VQ%H&E]')NX9V4$=?91

V:#4+&O!+6O


M&:%R9PQ789K\GJ


6?B53$`RT
I(X+*/8?7@
U7

HF*C2WO[A;KNSGD\D`.S]52-EJ:W\O^49H@

O#4=EY#TY
M=

4#N]1P$.XL48`V&X@*I$X8(HOY`B
MAH2@D]`1H)&TC/!0+AIRP#_T,56$3=M01NLL.#4'PF]J_S/_;!*WR3UF(*


M+._)V^L.(%-[]^D&P:;B87T58VC2TL

M=]D#K$']^7;O\+Z:5&VA57A3UZ\6@QFQI$8VM5M[7WD*24O-_0H-#^)+:1J)

0%,EP.(&\!3[W+P^?4T`]641O










ZO4_2EZ43JP0).!`BE!3A

MWP/Q

1)E[
M-^8PUI]38D=2K$2+`;$IV4\WQ93-J<]G0P=</D$(_?S3
8O0;:;17D^XT
2

MPE+X]

M(W(1

M;SR

*TP%KEBRY/$0&Z&FE-6/`QY(M?H$H%+OA'_S%2JAT)&


M;#;`*;7F_10.

E%SE0TGH?]X^-:`
M6%$(

M6=]&*D

MWJFJ?)9?JS:XS;$FS&BH]9Y`#(PO]VB(S+Y3;'P_J7@1@1[+BQN9/8RWO%UZ

M^+\*)0C\XG*V6JS8\H8]/
Y7\_OU(/A!8TG=NLZYB3X5_Z=477V=HW.!_DO=
M
GGVHN!/21ST(*.GW-29FRYO5$0-5YX;)5\VB^M.H1#8Q:`&F%&][?IV+T
^)</+.$I!XFM_@9[%Z2Y\QV'=!M`GWOABE.J8<




D`.SX\A3L1


MB3






MV9T
($&


U]F[)GT
0


M0!W.MMG?@6[V210`M/
L\B$)40*DV*=^I]=0[M.%


:V:'L4M*18&4*N(


M3M7U-Q7)N[^'.\!T80UUHEDOK_[^P^5L-;]F5\L[@'Y0I;`YW@/9*8=:(NNQ
MIT&R*7E#)Z54SD+=37#


^?8

FQ\':0;
ML;V`*PWS_1O9L&AKI1(



MI!XC863RSG%


M9P=9=`M0%W+\B]/V$E

6O
!F<EC3$L-3`[CLS4T%


FUA$
M





:K3-#YMSJ_-
F%\#

9:C
MDIU

MSIX3+MNM?PFR7?&7*R\
H61NUFK0I
.CG&$(03&.!/PPQ1![DARQJ_FR!B7^

MZ/TV)1\?0I/E^6$X1^L_MSP(Z8
TC9
#?(T\1]\P2S0\B/+W=N+(S`P]LLQY

M=

MVYR`([\3[#YVY18*GKSD3KKJJRHA4QL\S';X)S'$R+9Y,`L1NA`[YK^YY
MMMP^),&;E_&'T-OP(YAF2WRLP\L4H?D.3%*$V_/.4!IMYU719:\Y83MF[9D




<?O8U=P+V)<E7QD.R]C.^^-
MLR?.Q2-QZ`



M?^/1OC%'I?$Q`J1X
V&



G'MD;+U%9[
MB


MPD

M2:/.D'I@ID9F8F@&8T_)-EJ%+]N&@^(Q6(02)LZ?105XG%X;WP,B4783!BU
M-.AQ(9'!.XY,AT6(X]J.1=B5^_&Q)LU4
4BM%E
?Z/]'(G);9]`_./%B_QZ
M-?5ZQQ^2(-H$KUZHX)4






/W

(<FOMC%$EUQ8U%D<HQ%*-7UV+8UD7=)K^TMX
MOOQ:NY;
;:NEHGHN,#YYU8IF8`_O#
EH<IL(M:
MF*#`*I*-O#74F(SPJ

0

M8VK.

M`4$JSR7SGILI9)R;)?II*FR]_2P4?2:H?NN0\GK6APE$S\5]$KP'LOM[`M_
M`@BNYJ6DPQ@4*TQWEBD6GDU!54S9DJRT0[\$!`,A#H`L`]K$*](P0KLN5)3
MGVD%ZZY`P\+6U]+)6KDHH!WW3BZUYRD;N9A9045B3ONXY)A2?YV213DIHJ61

MQ/&K8*(-)\A=L\@O%0ZKO$7K)--O'&1
`L$Z*DPQOV37\U_GM\N'N_G]FETM
M5^L5F]U?L^OEW6QQS^YG=W/QYFM.LWYJ6[:D0#_=W/``;W$(?!YN`
!%=_
MG`X$KH$1Y%VE&!M@1:=S^^TJ=R-V6NL7&

G;H[#D_5Y(6#?








0CUEJ8$JO;G\7.;C17TO/1CKB4(Y:)(D)U[T0JC.7ZJ5VBR4GC=!W14ZS
M3PVI9Q


M$3!&!(5%EMIAM9;O8F):QW_W^&^Q

A\MAV8L:5UBH')C*.9$\VWRL


!6:4$)PH])L4;B12(L?'O1O)3;

+Y]I


[.%:A90^G\8O^+BZ.NY!09=A#

MLQ0DJ$R?2@IKKRI]




*#EV0'8^)$V_/(]`@'5G!)$#D!V?-1

J?/GZ\^/G__`3E7DD6_#E):%J[?NHVY_JU
^!OWDAOQFWKF6]N3O8W*



(.1IV0$


?ZO8\U%.Z-K?;]FG/'*92JM(X


ME



M[)APH)-'0D9!1Q!YU:Y?!V3$1O'K*LNO3UG&@^U741?.4Y+&P$O+=@+P!(.?





MK)1%C5$V^-^W/$WR63R'VRA.B;*


MY\BF-9-%R=)!\1CA3U@SA%?2


9_@PF.;COS]__>'/W#W^X-*[C%OGWID,ANZG
MX7#AGGMI

W$^:(8@&3-09Y^U0N@.2.E




.!/M_W'$\+\K-)F!'7@*(&9VFJYAC#^.
[QX'%CA+9G*




MMRS0I[K]#
;TY9?\(


MARCB^.\`4NA#W]F05Y]_T
^Y/HS\RW@]S5_#T-'M4:W*7:XK`E,JZ1,EY_A
M4\U'\EU-Y,K5;!:E.C:2T`Z&CDSNPED,'_QPIV.IK/AW%F




QFHSY\@5Y&)B0^*Y+^*4@
M-GE;$&9PV7O3L#XF+6$24+I&4&NVG12


M5[U4UVNCTN`ZGGTU-GMW4/^(M]*$+`\PF8;#%[*89RA9D]UUNKR#3[PY(Z]G




!





M7[DX95!I-$.K3+:#IZUTOE6*7KF






(K]NS^6






C`4F.S=Z?V/8'$;)CNR%X;A=1V^()X=WGB.EV?Y9D#BRD3-LN]
M$U'EU/$`2;Q


MO8O1F4+DNP:=



3





[F[==RQ.QW-YD-W.%G03\_U


'0=UQTN-&SYJAVU.O=5B=*S&I1.&'C83?
'O(S!)%@:
MFM7O[#E`@L_KWOH./L
@HGDY2-2R:+/-\.`N
TH+R+GM]?AG.6I(\?&)R-






M!%YDN#6O5N%X4FLJNM#(KHV+LF3(:+^ZGKSH9S]Y

MTPFWB+


AZO2?'I71:
QP1.E\







MJ=6U69**Z.B





MI$[OSGURPR*

M1NHQE(K02]`O
\`4K]1F``])J4YR26MF$LHD#23RYJKOMXWY?(E9-'IB&B




M`&&(-ZS2JDN?_(4PK=Q-

D1XW#XXJU!N(*C*/Z\

-6392/$%-X:G^H+UXYB$9MA$%21#$U(HU#3.,L
M1J&'MB!P-N2:B+\XJ#=AF6P;(Z3Q)3Y;:+A3%P8!C*D+2F64W4(/_W+BE&0
0A-H)=G.`R%ULOB`MUG&4K<@F[P)B.1B3H!K[C9WX?;W`V$,D
MHE)Y5S,.'U`0D$.&4.@&NK-M2)A`O!L[#<-#_<(E7M!BPN\H'=CGNGR55ZA



(7



M;NT(


)Y1.

-NPS[$*


Y
M`\A?1



N(C.D(AB3$_@B*#^VG9O@/
9[(M
Y`G\O1J`*MU(\PQINL0$J@2
MO+6
#B0X1C=MR6:)-H?-^
[$Z'41E8$.&-J(DSIA23.&@(S#M^_?EDD8&'+6







0




M@[Y#LJJLX-&VR8=87LDJU!4P
&ZL*HG81XXI3U

9W`VFD\5X\G$X&8R'E]Y9*K3<AJN?G`IM]V`;
ME&ZH+2'T#X%$T3[#O-CC3[6RMFL[ZA:]B&9@YY+=*G82$MV\])5F$BFITJVW
M0$/T#[=W,B

M&^$AAP4-0


N.85])*J+EL\X_7.K-?'5_X*LD_+)6

MK(Z5HE.`@B
/C6=G\FKK-LC6
+Z%'MC``8RJ3YH_H61O+B%NSX=O!ICT9!3%
MSBT)*PD$+/64JW-6REEO0!S!H3&,_P$XYDGFB4;=&'+*9[:.3'++D8TA:
MK9Z5(E2$A

U*R:@!PA&
Z5`+E5A#A([B!GX1#3?;

+]S474*?KX:J$`

MMC')B

MO4?]P(0VOW7]BW[N=

MX=U@^C`;3EQG

MVO/KK=@FJ+.0

E'-822IHCGMU%)SH[?NWO%R[
MXO(=3D@U?.L!L3AL&]?&%U%*XMKN9SVY`WH&`4==$)6V!G(AR]W$T1Q/\$E\



M6`9GQFW(OX`@RX$0/$1B%+(!3Q9OW20V.J7DPD
-O\$6CC7\SDV-2;E!5U['
MV(1Q5@%2;I8PW)DTF&I12O;H?32QE]_C3C(B)1-DU=H=0TX$OO4#C-M7&)

MY^
7MDE$(IZ[


MD&9^$8

MNI4+EB2\U28+D9=KL'BPWV8[&)=MD




W2J/(8IL8IS5/P#).#6)/Q44H6*P3HIF.

%4KVN?0!O@8CS;!'
9*4RV_B
)


MO[A)^V1].8KF


:\'C%[9/
M++..;AK-%]\1

Y%C-+C8:)O?U[
M$M&[7/[#3EY)^Z3!Y9GCD?#6L']9T7]#DH'AB[T+A
WVH)OF9@`/:-7V(?`
MKTRMGK8C$KTIRB\ERB=()07



VBU

DS!R#YXBELS4Z]HFJ@:H



.X&S+1



M`J1YQT]IDM?;6W3Z7*4T1=!]*'`8HWBW/K*$:BTFH42DT/1AM,HIJ/0#/,1
M5#ZE4Y)M)Z-0I&#8=ZKM)C`?O5)%'/O812S#'
VJ^;=/\N5L7S'0D[^1-'`
Z_NOU\#_`()$*)L9X39XI
MLM'L

P=]_
M_(^_OO_;X:$SPK0?HAASJ%#+DB`'2\A





9A7`$H
M7\-0^LM[%(8T1C$





3J:91]B@7RS.(
R#SCBYV$4PG_@H)$?-$-
M`OJ5.TR*QFP&


6LV8K


ML:+1F@!
T^-M?7KD2)P8W3N(H^F46UT2GP9GYX-?!E=CX?SVQ]Y
-2\&&)/#



?QA3'JJ`U3MFMILD'JPC)#RK7:EI!E)\K
M.1[/!GFBH9RNH7K)6P!-

MD&?TZ&R]H`FT)G;Y3598'023$Z
LI.6D^.X#2O@'9#8%H=G3XMFM
MG^J[

M;V#


[_!
M(<-LO,@D,D&P4E(CP$8PTZZRXN_GJ/BJ*Y?5AF/KA--LQ](PNLY696],7H2Z
M(DX;==V<G6UVIU-WI#O07'MAM&JIYBSQMVP-F8@PTH#K.['P6S8=Z^:\I%K


M1Z5
\0R<<#D$X\JG&920&
2)YR0RX@F
MFQR0`

^4[NAEIJ80_'+2#K;)G8F=-

2
<AQ@LC\
M3





R(OF?`/



T;#
(;5

M-_/3BO@KZ(G*P$C=LXK?+?EQWP:]G9U9F2[@*JP)8S1ZX*[Z
`2^)J#4?+)!


M#EDW8%3+3QEFW+7D('!,O@/SXC0CAZKA3E*_F)3Z


M$ER1!;CNGS$JTR9


M5(/6;`56V
=XWA1V;@2P@R
EQSMU
$(_X7=KE^D!=0]$`V##*/N(F`=OV(+P

\@&(

V*ZS=UEA8FM8CQ;.:0V`:T'U*O;;G6WC.O)I)4:\W
MLQ7#6)Z40GQ5



C:^M

^SK?UR

SSZ_
G:NKZ

M*C)=8[8]CW





#%*Y:0RRTJI_%2F31B![-33U;H+)=GZN@SR^S\)/\*9O4*W


LEI


]+Q0
M?









!

MNFK5PDJ/53K\DNU;9X?4:G4$ML/M=6O[FG&=
HM0R!:85[NKU(8R%#-\1
-]







MP5JE8:6ZYIRZ;

X2KA!RT51-8;Z=_M?%]V$=YA)



\*
]=RB058`1Q*H!-=Z(PI7AD@^8/O0Z

%#$LO#JF%^VQ)7+^@-`YIC.NC


M


62S0!AE6JN%*[@!RB`%#Y#&A1T

M27!-X?816V6G9BHJY=M^:/][T94;=#3I&-N@;)S`HM



M

M





BUW<I);WR\[
M*$!?I5WVQK1X#('P-V)3W,-!MWDJI?UBTF7XPL^DS)NZ/J]5LZB[8-P,!;I
M


)T5
M8Y%?)AFV^E+JF61OQZ9;U%

P3Y:
M=)-]2@NJX8B9IFJ'P!(H+X%=+SVUJV8JXP0@4'Q78:P:.YL?0?_W$S@'09$B
M;4@61U3@L[X?7((7::@5#&Q5II9
BY8%(FVM]4\R3(*RDFE8:WK3@R]SJ1S;

M`AX#%`````@`!8JT1D=
LM)2@P``C&D&`!$`&````````0```*2!`````&YC
M87`M
C`Q-#$R


M+3(P
30Q
C


M87`M
C`Q-#$R


`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 9
500


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
150
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
150
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
500
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
1
000
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
100
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
150
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
400
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
400
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
500
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
100
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
25
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
$ 3
500
        
        
        


        
250
000
750
000
400
000
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Safe Communications
 Inc acquired company issued and outstanding common stock
        
        


        
7
500
        


Cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued shares of common stock
$ 78
500
000
        


        
$ 500
000
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in exchange for which the Company issued shares of common stock
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Inc acquired company issued and outstanding common stock
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 10
481
487


        
$ 22
000
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include
 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
Furniture
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31
Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#146;s distributors
Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $25
909 and $0 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
The fair values of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &nbsp;In regards to legal costs
The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
On June 10
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-10
 which reduces some of the disclosure and reporting requirements for development stage entities. The change will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014. As of such date
 among other things
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;)
 which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &#147;Revenue Recognition
&#148; and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 &#147;Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts.&#148; ASU 2014-09&#146;s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today&#146;s guidance
 including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2017 and
 at that time
In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ASU 2014-08 changes the criteria for reporting a discontinued operation. Under the new pronouncement
 a disposal of a part of an organization that has a major effect on its operations and financial results is a discontinued operation. The Company is required to adopt ASU 2014-08 prospectively for all disposals or components of its business classified as held for sale during fiscal periods beginning after December 15
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&#147;ASU 2014-15&#148;). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15
 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 339
162


        
11
250


        
91
211


        
353
722


        
$ 353
722




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
1
675
604


        
        
3
730
000
        


        
        
$ 932
500
        


        
7
500
        
        


        
78
500
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          



























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 27
 2011 (SPA) with Safe Communications
 Inc.
 buyer purchased for a cash payment
        
        
        
        
        
250
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
10
000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 50
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
250
000


Buyer makes the additional payment referenced above
 then the Company is required to pay such additional payment to the Principal Shareholders
        
        
        
        
        
50
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
50
000


        
5
970
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
50
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
50
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
300
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
675
604
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
3
730
000
        


        
        
        
        
100
000
        
        


        
        
76
000
        
        
        
        


Capital
 including in connection with warrant exercises
        
        
105
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
3
775
000
        
        
        


Company paid to Energy Plus
 LLC
        
        
10
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
2
100
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 4
599
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 then the Company is required to pay such additional payment to the Principal Shareholders
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including in connection with warrant exercises
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 LLC
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 2011 (SPA) with Safe Communications
 Inc.
 buyer purchased for a cash payment
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 20
690
        


        
31
500
        


        
52
190
        


Property and equipment
 net of $1
471 depreciation
10
966
        


Web Development Costs
 net of $11
250 amortization
327
912
        


        
391
068
        


        
        
        


        
34
639
61
730


        
56
676
        


        
91
315
61
730


        
        
        


        
400
000
        


        
491
315
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock - 200
000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 104
019
196 and 12
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
104
019
12
500


        
        
(50
000)


        
10
536
221
717
419


        
(10
740
487)
(741
649)


        
(100
247)
(61
730)


        
$ 391
068
        




        
          

        
          
            

 and other costs not separately disclosed in the balance sheet that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the date of the balance sheet
 to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting
 treating
 gathering and storing the oil and gas.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 13
 16
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          



Shares unvested at Dec. 31
 2013
        


        
1
650
000


        
(1
150
000)


Shares unvested at Dec. 31
 2014
500
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          




          




          




          




          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
12
500
000
12
500
680
483
(50
000)
(704
773)
(61
790)


        
        
        
$ 36
936
        
        
$ 36
936


Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2013
        
        
        
        
(36
876)
(36
876)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
12
500
000
12
500
717
419
(50
000)
(741
649)
(61
730)


Common stock sold
 net offering costs
8
284
000
8
284
2
046
466
        
        
2
054
750


        
975
000
        
194
025
        
        
195
000


        
78
650
000
78
650
110
350
        
        
220
279


        
3
730
000
3
730
928
770
        
        
932
500


        
1
250
000
1
250
2
295
250
        
        
2
062
500


        
        
        
4
599
000
        
        
4
599
000


        
        
        
219
000
        
        
219
000


        
        
        
(500
000)
        
        
(500
000)


        
305
800
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(75
000)
        
        
(75
500)


        
(1
675
604)
(1
676)
1
676
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
50
000
        
50
000


Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2014
        
        
        
        
$ (9
739
838)
$ (9
739
838)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
104
019
196
104
019
10
277
221
        
(10
481
487)
(100
247)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 1
471




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Furniture
 fixtures and equipment




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
        


        
$ 10
000


Kuboo
 Inc Former parent company
 significant shareholder Rent
 contract labor
37
176


        
$ 56
676




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Inc Former parent company
 significant shareholder Rent
 contract labor
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
12
12
(1
10
966




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Northsight Capital Inc. (&#147;Northsight&#148; or &#147;the Company&#148;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 21
 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company.&nbsp; John Bluher
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 is our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;) and member of our board of directors.&nbsp; John Venners
 a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
The Company&#146;s principal business is to provide a wide variety of online directories for a broad range of businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products. The following constitute the Company&#146;s major product categories:&nbsp; a monthly listing in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;). The interim financial statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary to present a fair statement of the results for the period.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common Stock
 par value
        
        


Common Stock
 shares authorized
200
000
000
200
000
000


Common Stock
 shares issued
104
019
196
12
500
000


Common Stock
 shares outstanding
104
019
196
12
500
000


        
$ 1
471
$ 1
471


        
$ 11
250
$ 11
250




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Shares unvested &#150; December 31
1
650
(1
150
Shares unvested &#150; December 31
500
On August 13
 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $25
000 per month
 a non-accountable monthly expense allowance of $3
500
 the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
On August 13
 2014
 Alex Mardakian became CMO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $15
000 per month and the issuance of 500
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CMO.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including compensated absences accruals
 compensated absences liability
 deferred compensation arrangements and income statement compensation items.  Deferred compensation arrangements may include a description of an arrangement with an individual employee
 which is generally an employment contract between the entity and a selected officer or key employee containing a promise by the employer to pay certain amounts at designated future dates
 usually including a period after retirement
 upon compliance with stipulated requirements. This type of arrangement is distinguished from broader based employee benefit plans as it is usually tailored to the employee. Disclosure also typically includes the amount of related compensation expense recognized during the reporting period
 the number of shares (units) issued during the period under such arrangements
 and the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the related liability.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 INC.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
105
521
796
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 34
113
000




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss for the period by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss for the period by the weighted average shares of common stock
 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the &#147;treasury stock&#148; method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding option and warrant contracts. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company reflected a net loss
 and the effect of considering any common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
Year Ended December 31
1
225
1
225
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
2
144
567
5
561


        
932
500
        


        
4
675
500
        


        
1
836
500
        


        
325
226
35
815


        
34
000
        


        
50
522
        


        
9
998
815
41
376


        
(9
988
767)
(41
376)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
4
500


        
        
4
500


        
(9
998
838)
(36
876)


        
        
        


        
$ (9
998
838)
$ (36
876)


        
65
311
989
12
500
000


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before interest income
 interest expense
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
At December 31
 2014
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $56
10
Kuboo
Former parent company
Rent
37
56
676




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
12
12
(1
10
The Company records depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the related asset (approximately 3 years). The Company recorded depreciation expense of $1
471 during the year ended December 31
 2014.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company recorded amortization of $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the year ended December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
339
(11
327
912




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company files consolidated tax returns with its parent. In accordance with GAAP
 allocation of the consolidated income tax expense is necessary when separate financial statements are prepared for the affiliates. As a result
At December 31
 2014 and 2013
&nbsp;the Company had net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $2
327
008 and $741
614
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2033. &nbsp;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
The deferred tax asset at December 31
(2
327
(741
(34% Federal
(4
400
(303
2
914
382
5
144
953
303
The Company has taken a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately $943
000 and $304
000 at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &nbsp;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $639
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
(4
096
(15
2
914
382
5
144
639
15
107




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
At December 31
 2014
 all pre-existing warrants outstanding have expired. These warrants had a term of three years and were issued in connection with the payment of certain Company expenses by Kuboo during the quarter ended September 30
On September 9
 2014
 the company granted 400
A summary of the status of the Company&#146;s outstanding stock warrants as of December 31
Outstanding
 December 31
1
225
400
(650
(975
Outstanding
 December 31
Exercisable
 December 31
 2014




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid.&nbsp; The Company subsequently recaptured all previously recorded interest expense related to the note.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On July 21
 2014
 the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares from 100
000
000 to 200
000
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company sold 8
284
000 shares of its common stock for $2
054
750 in gross cash proceeds. The Company incurred a finder&#146;s fees of $9
200
 which the company has satisfied as follows: $27
500 in cash
 $88
950 through the issuance of 405
800 shares of common stock.&nbsp; During this time period
 the Company also received $195
000 from the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase 975
000 shares of common stock
In connection with certain security sales during the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement with the Kae Park
 the Company&#146;s controlling shareholder
 pursuant to which
 in exchange for payment from the Company of $75
500 (or $0.02 per share)
 the shareholder transferred to each purchaser of the Company&#146;s securities that number of shares of common stock equal to the number of shares the purchaser purchased directly from the Company. The purchasers did not pay Ms. Park any consideration for these transfers. Consequently
 in connection with the Company&#146;s sale of an aggregate 3
775
000 shares of common stock
 Ms. Park transferred an aggregate of 3
775
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate 78
650
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
150
000 shares of common stock valued at $2
061
350 to two employees
In April
 2014
 certain shareholders of the Company surrendered to the Company for cancellation 1
675
604 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in accordance with the April 2014 Agreement described in the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission April 15
In April
 2014
 the Company issued an aggregate of 3
730
000 restricted shares of its common stock to the shareholders of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. (other than Kuboo
 Inc.
 its parent company)
 in cancellation of an equal number of shares of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The Company&#146;s common shares were issued in full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts that could be claimed in relation to the shareholders&#146; investment in NCAP Security Systems
 Inc. The Company recorded non-cash settlement expense of $932
In May 2014
 the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire approximately 7
In September 2014
 Kae Yong Park
 the Company&#146;s majority shareholder gifted an aggregate of 2
200
000 shares of common stock to certain persons who are employees or otherwise related to the Company.&nbsp; The shares gifted were as follows:&nbsp; 2
000
000 shares to John Venners
 one of our directors who is also the President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.
 (one of our significant shareholders)
 100
000 shares to John Gorman
 one of our employees and a former director
 and 100
000 shares to Lauren Barth
 an employee of the Kuboo
 Inc. who provides contract labor to the Company through Kuboo
 Inc.&nbsp; The Company recognized expense of $4
599
000 and $219
000 ($2.19 per share) for the fair market value of these shares as (i) related party consulting expense and (ii) general contract labor
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In May 2014
 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to pay the seller $9
500 per month for a period of 12 months
 for consulting services to be provided. This agreement also requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
On August 13
 2014
 John Bluher became CEO of the Company. His agreement with the Company calls for a base salary of $25
000 per month
 a non-accountable monthly expense allowance of $3
500
 the issuance of 400
000 shares of Company common stock upon becoming CEO
 and the issuance of an additional 750
000 shares of common stock in three equal installments of 250
000 each on October 1
 2014
 January 1
 2015 and April 1 2015.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 12
437
        


        
12
437
        


        
(1
471)
        


        
$ 10
966
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 639
000




        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


Use of Estimates
 Policy
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include
 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


        
The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.


        
        


        
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
Furniture
 fixtures and equipment


        
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. The Company fully impaired its long-lived assets of $353
722 during the year ended December 31
 2014.


Revenue Recognition
 Policy
Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#146;s distributors
Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. 


        
Advertising and promotion expenses include digital and print advertising
 trade show events
 endorsements and sponsorships
 and promotional giveaways. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred unless they cover a specific period of time
 in which case they are amortized over the service period. Advertising costs of $25
909 and $0 were incurred for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 respectively.


        
Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.


Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy
The fair values of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2014 and 2013.


        
The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &nbsp;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.


Earnings Per Share
 Policy
The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes all warrants as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.


        
On June 10
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-10
 which reduces some of the disclosure and reporting requirements for development stage entities. The change will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014. As of such date
 among other things
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;)
 which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &#147;Revenue Recognition
&#148; and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35
 &#147;Revenue Recognition- Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts.&#148; ASU 2014-09&#146;s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under today&#146;s guidance
 including identifying performance obligations in the contract
 estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2017 and
 at that time
In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ASU 2014-08 changes the criteria for reporting a discontinued operation. Under the new pronouncement
 a disposal of a part of an organization that has a major effect on its operations and financial results is a discontinued operation. The Company is required to adopt ASU 2014-08 prospectively for all disposals or components of its business classified as held for sale during fiscal periods beginning after December 15
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&#147;ASU 2014-15&#148;). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15
 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 and servicing assets or servicing liabilities
 if any
 including the methodology (whether quoted or market prices
 prices based on sales of similar assets and liabilities
 or prices based on valuation techniques) used in determining their fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Shares unvested &#150; December 31
1
650
(1
150
Shares unvested &#150; December 31
500
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ (2
327
008)
$ (741
614)


        
        
        


        
(4
400
148)
(303
824)


        
2
914
668
        


        
382
027
        


        
5
212
        


        
144
913
        


        
$ 943
086
$ 303
824




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
2
200
000


        
2
000
000


        
100
000


        
100
000


        
$ 4
599
000


        
$ 219
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (9
998
838)
$ (36
876)


        
        
        


        
1
471
        


        
11
250
        


        
353
722
        


        
        
(4
500)


        
932
500
        


        
2
296
500
        


        
4
599
000
        


        
219
000
        


        
        
36
936


        
        
        


        
(31
500)
2
363


        
22
909
2
077


        
56
626
        


        
(1
537
239)
        


        
        
        


        
(12
437)
        


        
(339
162)
        


        
(164
722)
        


        
(516
321)
        


        
        
        


Proceeds from sale of common stock
 net of offering costs
2
054
750
        


        
(75
500)
        


        
195
000
        


        
(100
000)
        


        
2
074
250
        


        
20
690
        


Cash
 Beginning of Period
        
        


Cash
 End of Period
20
690
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
189
000
        


        
500
000
        


        
1
676
        


        
97
200
        


        
$ 50
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 modification or acquisition of software programs or applications for internal use (that is
 not to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In accordance with ASC 350.50
 during the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company capitalized $339
162 towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &#147;yellow pages.&#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $91
211 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
The Company amortizes web development costs over their related useful lives (approximately 1 to 5 years)
 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $11
250 related to several web sites put into service during the year ended December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
$339
(11
327
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company capitalized $353
722 incurred in connection with the purchase of rights for certain internet domain names. Domain name assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable
 or at least annually. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. Due to the uncertainty of Company&#146;s ability to generate future cash flows through the rental of its domain names
 the Company recorded full impairment charges of $353
722
 which is included in general and administrative expenses
 related to these assets during the year ended December 31
 2014. &nbsp;The Company does not have any intangible assets at December 31
 2014 or 2013 not subject to amortization.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 development
 and computer software activities
 including contracts and arrangements to be performed for others and with federal government. Includes costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility and in-process research and development acquired in a business combination consummated during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
A summary of the status of the Company&#146;s outstanding stock warrants as of December 31
Outstanding
 December 31
1
225
400
(650
(975
Outstanding
 December 31
Exercisable
 December 31
 2014




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 500
000


        
100
000


Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the due
$ 100
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Between February and April 2015
 the Company sold an aggregate 1
194
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $294
750.&nbsp; The company incurred finder&#146;s fees related to these sales of $15
400 which were settled with the issuance of 61
600 shares of common stock.&nbsp; The Company also issued 250
000 shares of common stock to John Bluher
 the Company&#146;s CEO
Effective May 19
 2015
 we entered into a new rental agreement with our affiliate
 Kuboo
 under which we are renting approximately 3
235 square feet of space for monthly rent of $4
500. This agreement confirms the terms and conditions under which the Company has been using this space since July
 2014.&nbsp; Under this new agreement
 the landlord continues to pay the taxes
 utilities and maintenance and repairs. The monthly rent also still includes internet
Since December 31
 2014 and through May 19
 2015
 the Company&#146;s majority stockholder
 Kae Yong Park
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &#147;Park&#148;)
 have advanced the Company $454
500
 including $200
000 advanced since May 14
 2015
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 of which $93
000 has been repaid
 leaving a balance due of $403
500 at May 19
As of May 19
 2015
 the Company was indebted to Park in the aggregate the amount of $403
500
 including $200
000 advanced since May 14
 2015. To evidence this indebtedness
 on May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Park a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of $403
500 (&#147;Company Note&#148;).&nbsp; Unpaid principal under the Company Note is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
The additional $200
000 in advances after May 14
 2015 were made pursuant to an agreement entered into with the Company on May 15
 2015 (the &#147;Funding Agreement&#148;).&nbsp; Under the Funding Agreement
 Park committed to advance the Company a minimum of $200
000
 on an unsecured and non-interest bearing basis
 subject to Park&#146;s receipt of funding from a third party lender of at least $200
000.&nbsp; On May 14
 2015
 Park secured a commitment from a third party (&#147;Park Lender&#148;) to advance Park $300
000 in two tranches
 $100
000 on May 14
 2015 and $200
000 on or before May 22
 2015. Park advanced $100
000 to the Company on May 15
 2015 and advanced an additional $100
000 on May 18
In order to secure the funding commitment from the Park Lender and enable Park to fund the Company
 (i) the Company agreed to issue the Park Lender warrants to purchase 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share and (ii) Kae Yong Park pledged to the Park Lender 55 million shares of her Company common stock as collateral for Park&#146;s repayment of amounts Park borrowed from the Park Lender (such 55 million shares represent more than a majority of Company common stock outstanding as of the date hereof).&nbsp; Under the note payable by Park to the Park Lender (&#147;Park Note&#148;)
 Park must repay the $300
000 Park Note within sixty days
 unless the Company has not paid her back within such time period
 in which event
 there is an automatic thirty day extension of the maturity date of the Park Note (for a total of ninety days)
Under the Pledge Agreement
 if Park defaults on the repayment of the $300
000 Park Note
 the Park Lender has the right to take ownership of all of Ms. Park&#146;s 55 million shares of Company common stock pledged thereunder
 without any obligation to remit to Ms. Park proceeds from the collateral in excess of the unpaid obligations under the Park Note. Under the Funding Agreement
 if the Park Lender takes ownership of Ms. Park&#146;s 55 million shares of Company common stock
 the Company (i) must to issue Ms. Park 10 million shares of Company common stock (leaving Ms. Park with a net loss of 45 million shares) and (ii) shall not effect a reverse split of its common stock for a period of two years. 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













