

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-18-000397
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180402
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				262727362
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53661
		FILM NUMBER:		18729598
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7580 E GRAY RD
		STREET 2:		STE 103
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(480) 385-3893
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7580 E GRAY RD
		STREET 2:		STE 103
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Northsight Capital
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080708









 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.







Washington
 D.C. 20549





 2017






NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.















7850 E Gray Road
 Suite 103

Scottsdale
 AZ 85260







(Registrant&#8217;s Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)




 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 





 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] &nbsp;No [ &nbsp;&nbsp;]


 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [ &nbsp;&nbsp;] &nbsp;No [X]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ &nbsp;&nbsp;]


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. &nbsp;See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.





















466
510 based on the closing price as quoted on Yahoo! Finance as of June 30
 2017.





 as of the latest practicable date:


 as of the latest practicable date:



Outstanding as of April 2
 2017

Common Capital Voting Stock
 $0.001 par value per share

129
828
741 shares



Northsight Capital
 Inc.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2017












































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance











Certain Relationships
 Related Transactions and Director Independence















Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules











This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements and for this purpose any statements contained in this Annual Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.&#160;&#160;Without limiting the foregoing
 words such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate&#8221; or &#8220;continue&#8221; or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements.&#160;&#160;These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties
 and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors
 many of which are not within our control.&#160;&#160;These factors include but are not limited to economic conditions generally and in the endeavors in which we may participate
 competition within our chosen industry
 technological advances and failure by us to successfully develop business relationships
 among others.








 Inc. is a Nevada Corporation formed in May

 developing
 and producing unique

 we were a &#8220;shell company&#8221; within the meaning of applicable securities laws as we had no operations and our business was comprised of seeking acquisition candidates. We commenced limited operations during the quarterly period ended March 31
 2014. During the quarter ended March 31
 2014
 we raised capital
 hired employees and entered into various agreements
 including to develop our website and to acquire approximately 7
500 internet domain names. On June 23
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related internet domain names from Kae Yong Park
 an individual who became our majority shareholder as a result of the acquisition. Currently
 we own approximately 1
276 cannabis related internet domain names. In consideration of the acquisition of the 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Park
 the Company:



Issued her a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. The note was amended and restated to provide that the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note would be made July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Kae Yong Park has waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014. Such $100
000 has since been paid to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue;&nbsp;

Agreed to pay a monthly royalty equal to the product of (i) six percent (6%) and (ii) the excess of the gross monthly revenue over $150
000. The royalty payment shall be payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#8217;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000.&nbsp;


 Ms. Park was required to provide such consulting services as the Company required during the twelve month period following the closing of the acquisition. In consideration for these services
 the Company is required to pay the Ms. Park $9
500 per month
 for a period of twelve months
 commencing on the closing date and
 on the first of each month thereafter. Ms. Park is also entitled to &#8220;piggyback&#8221; registration rights on the Securities Act registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
 with respect to eight million shares of common stock issued to the seller. The Company is obligated to bear all registration expenses of such piggyback registration
 other than underwriting discounts and commissions and any legal fees incurred by the seller.


 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile. On August 8
 2017
 we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC
 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 dated January 4
 2018 (as amended
 the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;). As reported in our form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10
 2018
 the Crush acquisition was closed January 8
 2018. Accordingly
 Crush&#8217;s operations are not included in the financial statements of the company as of December 31
 2017. Under the terms of the Agreement
 we acquired all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash
 payable within one year of closing. We also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. In connection with Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement
 the parties waived the condition that the Company complete a funding of at least $500
000.

Crush Mobile&#8217;s assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain names
 mobile dating applications and related software and intellectual property. Crush Mobile
 with approximately nine hundred thousand members
 has developed&#160;a group of dating sites with a presence in the Latino
 Israeli and African American communities. Crush will also be incorporating Northsight&#8217;s &quot;Joint Lovers&quot; dating app
 which concentrates on the Cannabis space
 into its dating applications suite.


 2018
 we engaged Crush Mobile CEO
 Sonya Kreizman
 and Yosi Shemesh
 as consultants. Ms. Kreizman and Mr. Shemesh will be paid $7
000 and $6
500 per month
 respectively for their services. 


 hired employees
 leased space
 acquired domain names
 including prior to the acquisition described herein
 engaged consultants and advisors
 completed the construction and launch of several web portals
 including &#8220;WeedDepot.com&#8221; and &#8220;TheMarijuanaCompanies.com&#8221;
 conducted sales and marketing related activities
 and negotiated vendor relationships.


 which we currently do not have
 we intend to build additional of websites/portals around our domain names. Certain of our websites/portals will serve as directories for businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products and services. To date we have completed and launched nine cannabis related websites
 as described below. As noted below
 subject to the receipt of additional funding
 we intend to complete and launch an additional three cannabis related websites. 




 the Company is now offering&#160;a group of dating sites with a presence in the Latino
 Israeli and African American communities. Crush will also be incorporating Northsight&#8217;s &quot;Joint Lovers&quot; dating app
 which concentrates on the Cannabis space
 into its dating applications suite.


 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#8217;s online directories leasing to customers one or more Internet domain names for the customer&#8217;s exclusive use
 and subscription to membership in Crush Mobile&#8217;s dating applications.


 (ii) advertise in the Company&#8217;s online directories or (iii) lease one or more internet domain names from the Company.


500 internet domain names we acquired from Kae Yong Park (who became our majority shareholder in connection with the acquisition) is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission June 25
 2014. We currently own approximately 1
276 cannabis related internet domain names.















 doctors and clinics
 head shops
 tattoo parlors
 and vape lounges. For mobile use
 www.WeedDepot.com can be downloaded at Apple Apps and Google Play.






 etc.


 meals and deserts using infused cannabis.


 user-driven Wiki focused on both recreational and medical marijuana topics and information that allows collaborative editing of its content and structure by its users.






 subject to the receipt of sufficient funding
 which we currently do not have
 our plan is to expand our sales and marketing activities with respect to these websites with a view to driving significant traffic to these websites
 which in turn should make our directories more attractive to cannabis related enterprises that are trying to promote and advertise their business. We anticipate that it will cost approximately $35
000 per month ($400
000 per year) to effectively implement our sales and marketing plan. Currently
 we do not have the requisite funds to implement our marketing plan.


 we had been developing JointLovers.com as a website/mobile application. At this time
 due to a lack of funding
 we are not pursuing further development of the JointLovers.com app.


 which we currently do not have
 we intend to construct the following websites:





 we anticipate that it will take about six months and cost approximately $150
000 to construct and launch the foregoing websites. Currently
 we do not have the requisite funds to build these websites. When and if these websites are constructed
 we will also focus on the marketing these sites as well. We believe that the incremental marketing costs associated with the promotion of these to be built websites will not be material in relation to our total marketing budget.




 which we currently do not have
 we intend to expand the marketing and distribution of our services primarily through the following methods:









 our sales and marketing related activities have included search engine optimization
 direct selling efforts
 direct mail
 electronic mail
 social media
 and online advertising. We have historically engaged companies to assist us in our sales and marketing related activities: Hemp Media (provides online (Internet
 smart phone and mobile device content to our business)
 New Times (print advertising)
 the musician Snoop Dogg (promotion of our Company and its business)
 and a nationally recognized men&#8217; magazine (print advertising). Currently
 we are not engaging in any meaningful sales/marketing activities due to a lack of operating capital.




 offline local business guides and directories and with other online providers of local and web search on the basis of a number of factors
 including volume of traffic to our websites
 the reliability of our content
 and the breadth
 depth and timeliness of information. We also expect to compete for a share of local businesses&#8217; overall advertising budgets with traditional
 offline media companies and other Internet marketing providers on the basis of a number of factors
 including the comprehensive nature of our online directories
 effectiveness of our advertising solutions and our pricing structure. Our competitors are expected to include the following types of businesses:

. We expect to compete with offline media companies and service providers who may have existing advertising relationships with local businesses. Services provided by competitors are expected to range from yellow pages listings to direct mail campaigns to advertising and listings services on local newspapers
 magazines
 television and radio.&nbsp;

 dWe expect to compete with Internet search engines
 such as
 Google
 Yahoo! and Bing and online dating applications such as match.com. We also expect to compete with various other online service providers and review and social media websites.&nbsp;


 the Company&#8217;s primary online competitors are Weedmaps and Leafly
 each an online directory of medical marijuana dispensaries and doctors
 and Match.com
 latinopeoplemeet.com
 my420mate.com
 420singles.com
 jdate.com/en-us
 blackpeoplemeet.com
 each online dating applications. With 45 brands
 including Tinder and Plenty of Fish
 Match. Com is the largest group of dating sites in the word. Competition in the online dating space is primarily about marketing and originality and we believe the Crush apps group is among the more appealing of the smaller apps in the dating space. &nbsp;With the Joint Lovers app
 Crush has the advantage of advertising and marketing on our owned or affiliated web sites. 


 we consider these companies a competitor only with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 and not otherwise. Currently
 our competitors are much larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. Once we attain a high level of traffic to our websites
 of which there can be no assurance
 we believe that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 as we expect our pricing to be much lower than that offered by either of them. The Company is not currently aware of any other online directory of cannabis related products and services. 




 although Crush Mobile has realized limited revenues. We expect our customers to consist of individuals interested in online dating and the various businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products
 including retail shops
 medical dispensaries
 head shops
 growers
 distributors
 suppliers
 vendors
 and the like. Our customers may also include legal
 marketing
 and event production companies seeking to serve the cannabis industry.


 we intend to diversify our customer base
 so that we are not dependent on any particular customer.




 2018
 we had three full time employees
 in addition to a number of subcontractors and consultants.




 we expect to incur aggregate website development costs and expenses of approximately $35
000 related to the development of our websites and related technology and services. Our ability to engage in planned website and related technology development is subject to the availability of sufficient funds
 which we currently do not have. If we are unable to fund necessary research and development
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage and our business will be materially and adversely affected.




 we rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets
 copyright and trademark laws
 and confidentiality procedures to protect our technology. Due to the technological change that characterizes our business
 we believe that the improvement of existing services
 reliance upon trade secrets and proprietary know-how and the development of new services are generally as important as patent protection in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage.

Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example
 effective intellectual property protection may not be available in the United States or other countries in which we operate. Also
 the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also
 protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.


 media and other industries may own large numbers of patents
 copyrights and trademarks and may frequently request license agreements
 threaten litigation or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We may in the future face allegations that we have infringed the trademarks
 copyrights
 patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties
 including our competitors and non-practicing entities. As we face increasing competition and as our business grows
 we will likely face claims of infringement.




 as a company conducting business on the internet
 we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations relating to consumer protection
 information security
 data protection and privacy
 among other things. In the area of information security and data protection
 for example
 the laws in several states require companies to implement specific information security controls to protect certain types of information. Likewise
 all but a few states have laws in place requiring companies to notify users if there is a security breach that compromises certain categories of their information. Foreign data protection
 privacy
 and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities.


 rules and regulations governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis are constantly changing and evolving. Currently
 the medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized in 29 states and Washington D.C. and 8 of the 29 states
 comprised of Alaska
 California
 Colorado
 Maine
 Massachusetts
 Nevada
 Oregon
 and Washington
 plus the District of Columbia
 have approved recreational consumer use of marijuana; but
 pursuant to the federal Controlled Substances Act (&#8220;CSA&#8221;)
 the possession
 use
. However
 the state laws which authorize and regulate (or prohibit) the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis
 as well as the federal laws prohibiting the same do not currently apply to our business as we are not engaged or participating in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis. After consultation with special legal counsel regarding laws and regulation governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis
 we do not believe that our business (online directories for businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products) constitutes us engaging or participating in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis. &nbsp;Our business is no different than a search engine (such as Google) that identifies companies engaged in the lawful sale of cannabis products. 


 as the cannabis industry continues to evolve
 increased regulation and oversight by local
 state and federal agencies is likely. For example
 more stringent local or state regulation of the cannabis industry could adversely affect the industry which would in turn adversely affect our business. In addition
 because the industry is in its infancy
 the enforcement of the CSA as it relates to those using and engaging in the cannabis industry
 by the Department of Justice
 also remains an area of uncertainty. For example
 although we do not believe it probable
 if the US Federal Government were to enforce the CSA on a nationwide basis
 the cannabis industry would in effect be abolished
 which would have a material and adverse effect on our business
 rendering us unable to continue as a going concern. 


 particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate
 and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. There are also a number of legislative proposals pending before the U.S. Congress
 various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us. For example
 the European Commission is currently considering a data protection regulation imposing operational requirements on companies that receive personal data. The proposed requirements are different from those currently in place in the European Union
 and the regulation may also include significant penalties for non-compliance.




 although Crush Mobile has realized limited revenues. Accordingly
 we do not yet have a historical basis to determine whether our revenue will be subject to seasonal fluctuation.




 www.themarijuanacompanies.com. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;)
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to the foregoing
 at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F St.
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10 AM to 3 PM. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 including our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to the foregoing
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding the Company and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC.






 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 and we are subject to the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K of the SEC
 as a &#8220;smaller reporting company.&#8221;&#160;&#160;&#160;That designation relieves us of some of the informational requirements of Regulation S-K.




 and to expose to public view
 possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee members&#8217; appointment
 compensation and oversight of the work of public companies&#8217; auditors; management assessment of our internal controls; auditor attestation of our internal controls; prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; requires companies and auditors to evaluate internal controls and procedures; and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud
 among other provisions. Compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes/Oxley Act will likely substantially increase our legal and accounting costs if we complete an acquisition
 reorganization or merger.




 as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our shareholders at a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our shareholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to our shareholders.


 and are required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g.
 changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K.






 WE HAVE AN IMMEDIATE AND URGENT NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL FUNDS
 WHICH FUNDS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS OR AT ALL.


 we have experienced great difficulty raising capital from third parties. Our funding since early 2015 has been provided primarily by related party shareholders who have no obligation to provide us funding. The lack of operating capital continues to materially and adversely affect our business operations. Due to the lack of operating capital
 we are unable to implement our business plan. We may not be able to raise the funds we need to fund our basic operations. If we do not receive a significant infusion of capital in the near term
 it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 investors would suffer a total loss of their investment in our Company. 


 we will not be able to complete the construction of our planned websites/portals
 effectively market our services
 execute our business plan
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. We may be unable to secure sufficient funding to continue operations and effect planned transactions
 in which case you would suffer a total loss of your investment. If we are unable to obtain necessary funding
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 which states that the financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations and inability to generate sufficient operating cash flow raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of April 2
 2018
 we had only de-minimis amount of cash on hand.


926
295 and has had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. 


 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company raised aggregate gross proceeds of $635
049 in capital through the issuance of notes payable and $25
000 through the issuance of common stock. &nbsp;Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.


 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.


 WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR CURRENT BUSINESS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS.


 the revenue and income potential of our business and our market are unproven. In addition
 we have no historical data with respect to directory listing rates (including renewals) for our services because we have not yet sold any subscriptions. Further
 because of our limited operating history and because the market for web-based cannabis related directories is relatively new and rapidly evolving
 we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. We may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends
 which could harm our business.


 you should consider an investment in our stock in light of the risks
 uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as ours. We may not be able to successfully address any or all of these risks. Failure to adequately do so could cause our business
 results of operations and financial condition to suffer.

WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY IN AN EVOLVING INDUSTRY
 WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE PROSPECTS AND MAY INCREASE THE RISK THAT WE WILL NOT BE SUCCESSFUL.


 if at all. This short operating history makes it difficult to assess our future prospects. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter in this rapidly evolving industry. These risks and difficulties include our ability to
 among other things:


increase the number of users of our website
 the number of paid subscribers and other content on our platform and our revenue;&nbsp;
manage
 measure and demonstrate the effectiveness of our advertising solutions and attract and retain new advertising clients
 many of which may only have limited or no online advertising experience;&nbsp;

successfully compete with other companies that are currently in
 or may in the future enter
 the business of online dating or providing information regarding cannabis related businesses;&nbsp;
successfully expand our business in new and existing markets
 both domestic and international;&nbsp;


develop a scalable
 high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage
 as well as the deployment of new features and products;&nbsp;
hire
 integrate and retain talented sales and other personnel;&nbsp;
effectively manage rapid growth in our sales force
 personnel and operations; and&nbsp;



 or if we fail to address the needs of this demand
 our business will be harmed. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties or others
 including those described elsewhere in these risk factors. Failure to adequately address these risks and difficulties could harm our business and cause our operating results to suffer.


 WE MAY NEVER BECOME PROFITABLE.


 we have experienced net losses and negative operating cash flows. As of December 31
 2017
 we had an accumulated deficit of $21
926
295. We commenced business operations late in the first quarter of 2014. We incurred net losses of $1
242
885 and $1
965
081 during the years ended December 31
 2017
 and 2016 respectively. We will likely incur significant net losses into the second quarter of 2018 and possibly longer. While we are unable to predict accurately our future operating expenses
 subject to receipt of additional capital
 we expect these expenses to increase substantially
 as we
 among other things:




upgrade our operational and financial systems
 procedures and controls;&nbsp;
hire additional personnel
 including additional executive
 administrative and technical staff; and&nbsp;


 we will continue to experience losses indefinitely. We may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. We also may fail to accurately estimate and assess our increased operating expenses as we expand our operations. If our operating expenses exceed our expectations
 our financial performance will be adversely affected
 which will likely cause the price of our common stock to decline.




 and debt financing
 if available
 may involve restrictive covenants
 which may limit our operating flexibility. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities
 the percentage ownership of our then existing stockholders will be reduced. These stockholders may experience additional dilution in net book value per share and any additional equity securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock.

WE RELY ON TRAFFIC TO OUR WEBSITE FROM SEARCH ENGINES SUCH AS GOOGLE
 YAHOO! AND BING. IF OUR WEBSITE FAILS TO RANK PROMINENTLY IN UNPAID SEARCH RESULTS
 TRAFFIC TO OUR WEBSITE COULD DECLINE AND OUR BUSINESS WOULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.


 Yahoo! and Bing. The number of users we attract to our website from search engines is due in large part to how and where our website ranks in unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors
 many of which are not in our direct control
 and they may change frequently. For example
 a search engine may change its ranking algorithms
 methodologies or design layouts. As a result
 links to our website may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our website
 and we may not be in a position to influence the results. In some instances
 search engine companies may change these rankings in order to promote their own competing products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. We believe that other websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past
 and we anticipate fluctuations in the future. Any reduction in the number of users directed to our website could adversely impact our business and results of operations.


 and may promote its own competing services
 including Google&#8217;s local services
 in its search results. Given the large volume of traffic to our website we are expecting from Google and the importance of the placement and display of results of a user&#8217;s search
 if Google were to take any of these actions in the future
 there could be a substantial negative effect on our business and results of operations.


 THEY MAY STOP OR REDUCE THE USE OF OUR SERVICES
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT THE GROWTH OF OUR BUSINESS.


 including whether they are helpful
 up-to-date
 unbiased
 relevant
 and reliable. If users do not value the content on our platform
 they may stop or reduce the use of our services
 and traffic to our websites will decline. If our user traffic declines
 our advertisers may stop or reduce the amount of advertising on our platform. As a result
 our business could be negatively affected if we fail to obtain high quality content
 or if the content we display is perceived to be unhelpful
 out-of-date
 biased
 irrelevant
 or unreliable. We must therefore ensure that our services and features are attractive to users
 and encourage them to contribute. In addition
 users who contribute content to our platform may provide content to our competitors or subsequently remove their content from our platform. If they do so
 the value of our content may decline relative to other available services
 and our business may be harmed.


 biased
 unreliable or otherwise unhelpful
 we cannot guarantee the effectiveness or adequacy of these efforts. If we fail to filter or remove a significant amount of content that is biased
 unreliable
 or otherwise unhelpful
 or if we mistakenly filter or remove a significant amount of valuable content
 our reputation and brand may be harmed
 users may stop using our services and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.


 EVEN IF FAVORED BY OUR OTHER STOCKHOLDERS.


 our directors and principal stockholders Kae Yong Park
 and John Lemak (and affiliated entities) beneficially owned approximately 57.5% of our outstanding common stock (includes warrants to purchase 10
130
285 shares of common stock). These stockholders together could effectively control all matters requiring approval by our stockholders
 including the election of all directors and approval of significant corporate transactions.

THERE HAS BEEN VIRTUALLY NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK
 AND ITS PRICE HAS BEEN AND IS EXPECTED TO BE HIGHLY VOLATILE.


 and we cannot assure you that an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained in the future. Our common stock is quoted in the over the counter market (OTCQB)
 the market for which is highly illiquid
 and the quoted price of our common stock is likely not indicative of the underlying value of our common stock.


 some of which are beyond our control
 including:











 the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market price of the stock of many internet-related companies
 and that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Market fluctuations such as these may seriously harm the market price of our common stock. In the past
 securities class action suits have been filed following periods of market volatility in the price of a company's securities. If such an action were instituted
 we would incur substantial costs and a diversion of management attention and resources
 which would seriously harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 or the belief that these sales could occur
 could cause a significant drop in the market price of our common stock. Of the 129
828
741 shares we had outstanding as of April 2
 2018
 approximately 38
241
793 shares will become freely tradable upon the effectiveness of our currently pending S-1 under the Securities Act. Consequently
 the price of our common stock could drop substantially following the effectiveness of the Registration.




 therefore
 do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. See &quot;Dividend Policy&quot; for additional information regarding our dividend policy.


 ANY FAILURE OF THESE SERVICES TO SATISFY CUSTOMER DEMANDS OR TO ACHIEVE WIDESPREAD MARKET ACCEPTANCE WILL SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS.


 as well as from advertising fees from such directories. We currently have no subscribers and only a de minimis amount of advertising revenue. Our ability to generate revenues depends on our ability to secure paid directory listings and establish our advertiser base. To do so
 we must convince prospective advertisers of the benefits of our services. We must also convince prospective advertisers that our advertising services work to their benefit. Many of these businesses are more accustomed to using more traditional methods of advertising
 such as newspapers or print yellow pages directories. Failure to establish our subscriber/advertiser base will harm our business.

We expect that advertisers will not typically have long-term obligations to purchase our services. In addition
 we expect to rely heavily on advertising spending by small and medium-sized local businesses
 which have historically experienced high failure rates and often have limited advertising budgets. As a result
 we may experience attrition in our advertisers in the ordinary course of business resulting from several factors
 including losses to competitors
 lower priced competitors
 perceptions that our advertising solutions are unnecessary or ineffective
 declining advertising budgets
 closures and bankruptcies. We must continually add new subscribers/advertisers both to replace advertisers who choose not to renew their advertising or who go out of business
 or otherwise fail to fulfill their advertising contracts with us
 and to grow our business. Our advertisers&#8217; decisions to renew depend on a number of factors
 including the degree of satisfaction with our services and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. The ratings and reviews that businesses receive from our users may also affect advertising decisions by current and prospective advertisers. For instance
 favorable ratings and reviews
 on the one hand
 could be perceived as obviating the need to advertise
 and unfavorable ratings and reviews
 on the other
 could discourage businesses from advertising to an audience they perceive as hostile or cause them to form a negative opinion of our services and user base which could discourage them from doing business with us.


 or if we are unable to attract new advertisers in numbers greater than the number of advertisers that we lose
 our client base will decrease and our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.


 we will not realize the revenues we are expecting and there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. As a result
 if for any reason revenues from our cannabis directory related services or advertising do not materialize as rapidly as we anticipate
 our operating results and our business will be significantly impaired. If our cannabis related directories or advertising services fail to meet the needs of our target customers
 or if it does not compare favorably in price and performance to competing services
 our growth will be limited.


 in part
 on our ability to diversify our offerings by successfully developing
 introducing and gaining customer acceptance of new services. We cannot assure you
 however
 that we will be successful in achieving market acceptance of any new services that we bring to market or that we will be able to secure contracts for paid directory listings/advertising on our Websites/Portals. Furthermore
 there is a possibility that diversifying our existing offerings could harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN PROMOTING AWARENESS OF OUR SERVICES
 OUR BUSINESS WILL NOT SUCCEED.


 there has been a great deal of public focus on legalization for both recreational and medicinal purposes. Although we believe that cannabis related businesses are acutely aware of the need to market their products and services
 in order for us to attract subscribers to our directories and paid advertising customers
 we need to actively promote these services
 so as to increase awareness and acceptance of these services. In addition
 there may be a time-limited opportunity to achieve and maintain a significant share of the market for these services due in part to the emerging nature of these markets and the substantial resources available to our existing and potential competitors.


 we do not have the capital necessary to promote and market our services
 so we cannot assure you that we will be successful in this effort. If we are not successful in promoting market awareness and acceptance of our cannabis related directory and advertising services
 we will not succeed in implementing our business plan. If cannabis related businesses do not recognize the need to market their products
 then the market for our cannabis related directory and advertising services may develop more slowly than we expect
 which could adversely affect our operating results. Developing and maintaining awareness of our cannabis related directory and advertising services is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our services. Furthermore
 we believe that the importance of product awareness will increase as competition in our market develops. Successful promotion of our services will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to develop reliable and useful services
 at competitive prices.


 due to a lack of capital or otherwise
 or if our expenses to promote and maintain such services are greater than anticipated
 our results of operations and financial condition will suffer.

WE FACE COMPETITION FROM BETTER ESTABLISHED COMPANIES THAT MAY HAVE SIGNIFICANTLY GREATER RESOURCES
 WHICH COULD PREVENT US FROM GENERATING REVENUE OR ACHIEVING PROFITABILITY.


 reduced sales
 reduced margins or the failure of our services to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance
 any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. 


 the Company&#8217;s primary online competitors are Weedmaps and Leafly
 each an online directory of medical marijuana dispensaries and doctors
 and Match.com
 latinopeoplemeet.com
 my420mate.com
 420singles.com
 jdate.com/en-us
 blackpeoplemeet.com
 each online dating applications. With 45 brands
 including Tinder and Plenty of Fish
 Match. Com is the largest group of dating sites in the word. Competition in the online dating space is primarily about marketing and originality and we believe the Crush apps group is among the more appealing of the smaller apps in the dating space. &nbsp;With the Joint Lovers app
 Crush has the advantage of advertising and marketing on our 15 owned or affiliated web sites. 


 we consider these companies a competitor only with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 and not otherwise. Currently
 our competitors are much larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources than we do. Once we attain a high level of traffic to our websites
 of which there can be no assurance
 we believe that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies with respect to medical dispensaries/doctors
 as we expect our pricing to be much lower than that offered by either of them. The Company is not currently aware of any other online directory of cannabis related products and services.


 such as:




substantially greater financial
 technical and other resources.&nbsp;


 these competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities
 technologies
 standards or customer requirements. For all of the foregoing reasons
 we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors.


 IN WHICH CASE OUR REVENUES AND OPERATING RESULTS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.


 we will need to build a sizable base of customers that renew their listings at the end of each cycle. To date
 we have not been able to build a meaningful customer base. If we are unable to sell significant renewals
 there will be a material adverse effect on our long term revenue potential and our operating results.




 features and reliability of our technology. Any failure of our technology to keep pace with the rapid growth and technological change of the Internet/search technologies will impair the market acceptance of our directory and advertising services
 which in turn will harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.

OUR EXISTING PERSONNEL AND INFRASTRUCTURE RESOURCES HAVE BEEN STRAINED BY OUR RECENT BUSINESS ACTIVITIES
 AND IF WE ARE UNABLE TO IMPLEMENT APPROPRIATE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES TO MANAGE THESE ACTIVITIES
 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS PLAN.


 we have been forced to reduce our staffing levels
 which has placed
 and will continue to place
 a strain on our management
 administrative
 operational and financial infrastructure. Our future success will depend in part upon the ability of our management and other personnel to manage our operational activity effectively. This will require us to hire and train additional personnel to manage our operations
 for which we do not currently have the necessary capital. In addition
 we will be required to continue to improve our operational
 financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. If we fail to successfully manage any future operational growth
 implementation of our business plan will be materially and adversely affected.




 including our EVP
 John Venners
 who is on an interim basis acting as our ranking executive officer. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees
 such as our EVP or future President/CEO
 or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.


 THEY COULD PROVE DIFFICULT TO INTEGRATE
 DISRUPT OUR BUSINESS
 DILUTE STOCKHOLDER VALUE AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.


 services and technologies in the future. For example
 as disclosed elsewhere herein
 we have completed the acquisition of a company that develops online dating applications. We have only recently consummated this acquisitions
 and therefore our ability as an organization to make acquisitions or investments is unproven. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks
 including:

difficulties in integrating operations
 technologies
 services and personnel;&nbsp;






 if we finance acquisitions by issuing convertible debt or equity securities
 or use our securities as acquisition currency
 our existing stockholders percentage interest in the company will be diluted which could affect the market price of our stock. As a result
 if we fail to properly evaluate and execute acquisitions or investments
 our business and prospects may be seriously harmed.


 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN THE HIGHLY SKILLED EMPLOYEES WE NEED TO SUPPORT OUR PLANNED GROWTH.


 we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We need to hire additional personnel in virtually all operational areas
 including sales and marketing
 operations and technical support
 customer service and administration. Competition for these personnel is intense
 especially for persons with high levels of experience in designing and developing Internet-related services. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. All of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we currently have. If we fail to attract new personnel or retain and motivate our current personnel
 our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed.


 AND THESE FLUCTUATIONS MAY CAUSE OUR STOCK PRICE TO FALL.


 we expect that our operating expenses will increase substantially in the future as we expand our selling and marketing activities
 increase our website development efforts and hire additional personnel. In addition
 our operating expenses may fluctuate in the future
 as a result of the following factors
 among others:


a concentration of general and administrative expenses
 such as recruiting expenses and professional services fees; and&nbsp;



 it is possible that in some future periods
 our results of operations may be below the expectations of current or potential investors. If this occurs
 the price of our common stock will likely decline.


 DOWNTURNS IN SALES MAY NOT BE IMMEDIATELY REFLECTED IN OUR REPORTED REVENUES.


 we will bill customers for the entire listing period and would then recognize revenue from those annual listings over the terms of the listing period. As a result
 we anticipate that a significant portion of any revenues we report in future quarters will be deferred revenue from listing agreements entered into and paid for during previous quarters. Because of this deferred revenue
 the revenues we report in any quarter or series of quarters may mask significant downturns in sales and the market acceptance of our cannabis related directories.




 trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As the number of entrants into our market increases
 the possibility of an intellectual property claim against us grows. Our technologies and services may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. Any intellectual property claims
 with or without merit
 could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle
 and could divert management attention from executing our business plan and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 browser and search engine technologies. We may not be successful in either developing such services or timely introducing them to the market. Currently
 due to lack of operating capital
 we do not have the personnel needed to rapidly develop new services or enhancements to existing services. In addition
 uncertainties about the timing and nature of new technologies
 or modifications to existing technologies
 could increase our research and development expenses. The failure of our services to operate effectively with existing and future technologies will limit or reduce the market for our services
 result in customer dissatisfaction and seriously harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


 AND THEREBY REDUCE DEMAND FOR OUR SERVICES.


 search engine providers may enhance or develop services that include functions that are currently provided by our services. If users of our directories are able to effectively locate cannabis related products and services through advanced search engine applications
 the demand for our and services could decrease. Furthermore
 even if our technology provides greater functionality and is more effective than services offered by search engine companies
 potential customers might accept this limited functionality in lieu of purchasing enhancements of our services.




 which could lead to interruptions
 delays
 loss of data or the inability to process searches. Such events could be very expensive to remedy
 could damage our reputation and could discourage existing and potential customers from using our services. We may experience break-ins in the future. Any such events could substantially harm our business
 results of operations and financial condition.

BECAUSE OUR SYSTEMS ARE COMPLEX AND MAY BE DEPLOYED IN A WIDE VARIETY OF ENVIRONMENTS
 THEY MAY HAVE ERRORS OR DEFECTS THAT USERS IDENTIFY AFTER DEPLOYMENT
 WHICH COULD HARM OUR REPUTATION AND OUR BUSINESS.


 and we may find such errors/defects in the future. The occurrence of errors/defects could adversely affect sales of our services and divert the attention of web development personnel from our website development efforts and cause significant customer relations problems.






 rules and regulations governing the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis and products which may contain cannabis are constantly changing and evolving.&#160; Currently
 the medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized in 26 states and Washington D.C. and seven of 7 of the 26 states
 comprised of Alaska
 California
 Colorado
 Maine
 Massachusetts
 Oregon
 and Washington
 plus the District of Columbia
 have approved recreational consumer use of marijuana; but
 pursuant to the federal Controlled Substances Act (&#8220;CSA&#8221;)
 the possession
 use
. &#160;However
 the state laws which authorize and regulate (or prohibit) the possession
 use
 sale and distribution of cannabis
 as well as the federal laws prohibiting the same do not currently apply to our business as we are not engaged or participating in the possession
 cultivation
 sale or distribution of cannabis or products which may contain cannabis.


 as the cannabis industry continues to evolve
 increased regulation and oversight by local
 state and federal agencies is likely.&#160; For example
 more stringent local or state regulation of the cannabis industry could adversely affect the industry which would in turn adversely affect our business. &nbsp;In addition
 because the industry is in its infancy
 the enforcement of the CSA as it relates to those using and engaging in the cannabis industry
 by the Department of Justice
 also remains an area of uncertainty.&#160; For example
 although we do not believe it probable
 if the US Federal Government were to enforce the CSA on a nationwide basis
 the cannabis industry would in effect be abolished
 which would have a material and adverse effect on our business
 rendering us unable to continue as a going concern.&#160; 




 various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us. Imposition of internet and cellular use or other charges imposed by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the internet and cellular services could have a negative impact on our business. Laws and regulations applying to the solicitation
 collection or processing of personal or consumer information could affect our activities. Furthermore
 any regulation imposing additional fees for internet or cellular use could result in a decline in the use and viability of internet and cellular communications
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.




 or timely development of complementary products
 such as high-speed modems. Additionally
 the internet and cellular systems could be adversely affected as information tools due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of internet/cellular activity
 security
 reliability
 cost
 ease-of-use
 accessibility
 and interest in internet usage and quality-of-service. If the internet and cellular services do not continue to be widespread informational media
 demand for our Internet based directory and advertising services could be significantly reduced
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.







We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rent approximately 2
100 share feet of office space. The monthly rent for this facility is approximately $2
700
 all inclusive.











ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




 Inc. (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) under the symbol &#8220;NCAP&#8221; on May 12
 2009. There is currently only a very limited trading market for shares of our common stock. Management does not expect any active market to develop in our common stock unless and until we are able to implement our business plan. In any event
 no assurance can be given that any active market for our common stock will ever develop or be maintained.


 the sale of &#8220;restricted securities&#8221; (common stock) pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC by members of management or any other person to whom any such securities may be issued in the future may have a substantial adverse impact on any such public market.&#160;&#160;For information regarding the requirements for resale under Rule 144
 see the heading &#8220;Rule 144&#8221; below. In addition
 of the 129
828
741 shares we had outstanding as of April 2
 2018
 approximately 38
241
793 shares recently became freely tradable upon the effectiveness under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement filed on March 21
 2018. Consequently
 the price of our common stock could drop substantially following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement if significant shares begin to be sold.


 for the periods indicated
 the high and low closing quotations
 as reported by the OTCQB Bulletin Board
 and represents prices between dealers
 does not include retail markups
 markdowns or commissions
 and may not represent actual transactions:






















































































































 Yahoo! Finance
 and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions
 retail markups
 mark downs or commissions.




 2018 we had approximately 200 shareholders of record
 not including an indeterminate number of holders who may hold shares in &#8220;street name.&#8221;




 and unless and until we complete any acquisition
 reorganization or merger
 no such policy will be formulated. There are no material restrictions limiting
 or that are likely to limit
 our ability to pay dividends on our securities.




000
000. 




 2017
 the Company issued 3
000
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $300
000
 as payment in for a consulting contract


 2017
 we sold 300
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.05
 for gross proceeds of $15
000
 to an &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 2018
 the Company issued 106
500 shares of the Company&#8217;s commons stock to a vendor as settlement of a payable balance of $5
219.


 2018
 the Company issued 300
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s commons stock valued at $23
400 as a commitment fee to a prospective investor.


 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate 7
904
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in connection with the closing of the Crush Mobile acquisition.


 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 for a purchase price of $90
000. 


 2018
 the Company issued 500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock pursuant to a consulting contracts.


 as amended (&#8220;the Act&#8221;)
 based on the following facts: there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of purchasers
 each of whom the Registrant believes was an &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended) and was sophisticated about business and financial matters
 and all shares issued were subject to restriction on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchaser was not an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the Act.








&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;aim
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future
 including statements about our business strategy
 expenditures
 and financial results are forward-looking statements. We believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are accurate. However
 we cannot assure the reader that such expectations will occur. Persons reviewing this Annual Report are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.&#160;&#160;Such factors are discussed further below and also include general economic factors and conditions that may directly or indirectly impact our financial condition or results of operations.




 2014
 the Company acquired approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names from Kae Yong Park (who became our majority shareholder in connection with such acquisition). The list of domain names we acquired is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Commission on June 25
 2014. In consideration of the acquisition of these assets from Kae Yong Park
 we issued her 78.5 million shares of our common stock. In addition
 we issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $500
000
 the payment of $400
000 of which is contingent upon our achieving $150
000 in monthly revenues. See Note 8 - Notes Payable Related Party and Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies
 in each case to the financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2017 filed herewith.


000 installment payment due under the Note would be made July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Kae Yong Park has waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note
 until August 25
 2014. Such $100
000 has since been paid to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue.


 subject to receipt of funding
 intends to build additional websites/portals around its owned internet domain names. These websites/portals will serve as directories for businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products.


 hired employees
 leased space
 acquired domain names
 including prior to the acquisition described herein
 engaged consultants and advisors
 completed the construction and launch of its primary website
 &#8220;WeedDepot.com&#8217;
 negotiated vendor relationships and conducted extensive sales and marketing related activities
 including through search engine optimization
 direct selling efforts
 direct mail
 electronic mail
 social media
 and online advertising.




 the Company sold 1
300
000 shares of its common stock
 for aggregate net proceeds of $40
000.

In addition
 between December 31
 2014 and through March 15
 2018
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant stockholder
 and her spouse
 Howard. R. Baer (collectively
 &#8220;Park&#8221;)
 advanced an aggregate of $1
846
707 on a secured basis to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period
 the Company also repaid $284
340 of its secured debt to Park
 recaptured $141
510 worth of payroll expenses for Park&#8217;s use of Company personnel
 and $65
000 was assigned to an investor. Amounts recaptured for use of Company personnel have been treated as repayments on the Company&#8217;s Statements of Cash Flows. At April 2 2018
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
355
857 which is secured by certain assets of the Company. 

Between December 1
 2016
 and March 29
 2018
 the Company received proceeds of $699
499 from a related party and significant shareholder for which both interest bearing and non-interest bearing notes were issued. The notes
 as extended
 mature on June 30
 2018 with certain notes secured by certain of the Company&#8217;s URLs and websites (www.weedepot.com
 www.ratemystrain.com
 www.marijuanamd.com and www.420careers.com. The Company had total notes payable to the related party of $772
936 at April 2
 2018.


 we received an aggregate of $185
000 in connection with its joint venture with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. On February 29
 2016
 in connection with this joint venture
 we agreed to sell $150
000 of convertible notes which were to be funded in three equal installments of $50
000. Tumbleweed also agreed to provide an aggregate of $100
000 in funding to the joint venture
 as discussed in Note 4 - Investment in Joint Venture. 


 2016
 we received aggregate proceeds of $100
000 from the issuance of these convertible notes. The final $50
000 tranche was due April 29
 2016
 but never paid. In connection with the settlement of the Tumbleweed litigation
 on July 17
 2017
 the $100
000 received was converted into 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


 2016
 the joint venture company received aggregate proceeds of $85
000 from Tumbleweed Holdings
 the joint venture partner. The final $15
000 tranche of the joint venture investment was due April 29
 2016 but was never paid. In connection with the settlement of the Tumbleweed litigation
 on July 17
 2017
 the Company and Tumbleweed settled the litigation relating to the joint venture. As part of the settlement
&#160;all remaining amounts due from Tumbleweed were forgiven
 and the company issued 850
000 shares of common stock to settle the previously received $85
000 in convertible debt


 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile. On August 8
 2017
 we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC
 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 dated January 4
 2018 (as amended
 the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;). As reported in our form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10
 2018
 the Crush acquisition was closed January 8
 2018. Accordingly
 Crush&#8217;s operations are not included in the financial statements of the company as of December 31
 2017. Under the terms of the Agreement
 we acquired all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash
 payable within one year of closing. We also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. In connection with Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement
 the parties waived the condition that the Company complete a funding of at least $500
000.


 domain names
 mobile dating applications and related software and intellectual property. Crush Mobile
 with approximately nine hundred thousand members
 has developed&#160;a group of dating sites with a presence in the Latino
 Israeli and African American communities. Crush will also be incorporating Northsight&#8217;s &quot;Joint Lovers&quot; dating app
 which concentrates on the Cannabis space
 into its dating applications suite.


 2018
 we engaged Crush Mobile CEO
 Sonya Kreizman
 and Yosi Shemesh
 as consultants. Ms. Kreizman and Mr. Shemesh will be paid $7
000 and $6
500 per month
 respectively for their services. 





 subjective or complex judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods.


 subjective or complex judgments:




 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. 




 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Provision for income taxes consists of federal and state income taxes in the United States. Due to uncertainty as to the realization of benefits from our deferred tax assets
 including net operating loss carry-forwards and other tax credits
 we have a full valuation allowance reserved against such assets. We expect to maintain this full valuation allowance at least in the near term.





 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to fair values of financial instruments
 taxes
 and contingent liabilities
 among others. We base our estimates on the limited historical experience we have and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
 the results of which formed the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities.



Year ended December 31
 2017 Compared to the year ended December 31
 2016


 2017
 as compared with a net loss of approximately $2 million during the comparable prior period. &nbsp;The (all numbers approximate) $722
000 decrease in net loss is due primarily to a $458
000 decrease in losses from investments and equity investments (non-cash)
 a $131
000 decrease in loss on deposit (non-cash) a $283
000 decrease in executive compensation and a $65
000 decrease in rent &#8211;&nbsp;related party
 partially offset by a $243
000 increase in general and administrative expense. The decrease in executive compensation is primarily due to a reduction in workforce and operations due to cash constraints in the current year. &nbsp;The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily due to an increase in warrant expense (non-cash expense) issued for debt consideration. &nbsp;We expect our operating expenses to increase as we ramp up our operations in connection with the Crush acquisition
 including website development and sales and marketing related activities.


000 during the year ended December 31
 2017 (about $41
000 per month)
 as compared with $673
000 during the comparable prior year (or about $56
000 per month). The (all numbers approximate) $185
000 decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net loss of $722
000
 a $480
000 net increase in warrants issued as compensation
 partially offset by a decrease in loss on deposit of $131
000
 a decrease of $458
000 in losses on investment and equity investments
 and a net increase in the change (decrease) in accounts payable of $282
000.


 2017
 compared to approximately $28
000 used on 2016
 which was due to the Company&#8217;s investments in its joint venture in 2016.


 2017 was approximately $475
000 as compared to approximately $693
000 in the prior comparable period. The $218
000 decrease was due to a decrease of $100
000 in proceeds from convertible note issuances and a $143
000 decrease in net proceeds from related party notes
 partially offset by an increase of $25
000 in proceeds from the issuance of common stock. The company continues to be almost exclusively reliant on related parties for its funding needs.




 2018
 we had limited cash on hand. Between January 1
 and December 31
 2017
 the Company received gross proceeds from related party debt agreements of $635
049. In addition
 in order to fund our basic operations
 between January 3 and March 30
 2018
 (i) Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard Baer (together
 &#8220;Park&#8221;)
 have collectively made cash advances of $70
500
 $7
000 of which has been repaid and (ii) John S. Lemak
 a significant shareholder
 made cash advances of $65
000. $141
510 of the amount owed Park has been offset against the amount owed to account for Park&#8217;s use of Company personnel
 leaving a balance due Park of $1
355
857
 as of April 2
 2018.  


 we agreed to sell up to $450
000 in principal amount of convertible notes for an aggregate purchase price of $405
000
 in connection with which we sold a convertible note in the principal amount of $100
000 for a purchase price of $90
000. &nbsp;The Company also issued 300
000 of the Company&#8217;s common stock as a commitment fee in conjunction with this note.


 2017 we had a working capital deficiency of $2.9 million
 compared to a working capital deficiency of $2.8 million at December 31
 2016. The $100
000 increase in the working capital deficiency was due primarily to a $631
000 aggregate increase in accounts and notes payable - related party
 partially offset by a $121
000 decrease in accounts payable
 a $100
000 decrease in convertible notes payable and a $292
000 increase in prepaid expenses.


 we have experienced great difficulty raising capital from third parties. The lack of operating capital continues to materially and adversely affect our business operations. Neither Ms. Park
 her spouse nor Mr. Lemak are under any obligation to provide any further funding to us. Ms. Park and her spouse are no longer able to provide ongoing advances to fund our operations
 even on a limited basis. 


 we are unable to implement our business plan
 even on a curtailed basis. If we do not receive a significant infusion of capital in the near term
 it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 investors would suffer a total loss of their investment in our Company. 


 we continue to incur significant costs and expenses in connection with our basic operations and ongoing compliance costs associated with being a public company. Consequently
 we are currently experiencing ongoing negative cash flows from operations.


 we have only minimal cash on hand. Our current cash on hand is insufficient to fund our operations and the implementation of our business plan. As a result
 we have an immediate and urgent need for additional funds. We are seeking to raise funds from third parties
 either in the form of debt or equity.


 we anticipate that our operating and website development activities will use approximately $100
000 in cash per month over the next twelve months
 or $1.2 million. Currently we have virtually no cash on hand
 and consequently
 we are unable to implement our current business plan. We believe that our operations will not begin to generate positive cash flows until at least the fourth quarter of 2018 (assuming we secure sufficient funding in the near term to implement our business plan
 which we currently do not have). Accordingly
 we have an immediate and extremely urgent need for capital to fund our operating activities.


 we are actively seeking to raise additional funds through the sale of equity and debt securities
 and ultimately we will need to generate substantial positive operating cash flows. Our internal sources of funds will consist of cash flows from operations
 but not until we begin to realize substantial revenues from the sale of services. As previously stated
 we currently have only nominal revenue
 and our operations are generating negative cash flows
 and thus adversely affecting our liquidity. Although we are attempting to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financing
 we are having great difficulty in securing any significant funding from unrelated third parties. If we are able to secure sufficient funding in the near term to implement our business plan
 we expect that our operations could begin to generate significant revenues during the fourth quarter 2018
 which should ameliorate our liquidity deficiency. If we are unable to raise additional funds in the near term
 we will not be able to implement our business plan
 and it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern.

In the event we do not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of common stock or from debt financing
 we may be unable to fully implement our business plan and pay our obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities (see Note 3 to the Financial Statements - Liquidity/Going Concern).


 which we currently do not have
 we expect to incur approximately $35
000 in website development expenditures over the next 12 months (included in the $1.2 million estimate of cash required over the next twelve months). The purpose of these expenditures will be for the development of various Websites/portals we intend to create and acquisition of additional domain names.


 and/or raise additional funds (either through debt or equity)
 we will be unable to fund our website development expenditures
 in which case
 there could be an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.


 we do not believe it is likely that we will raise funds through the sale of debt securities in the near term.


 In June
 2014
 we issued Kae Yong Park a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000
 as partial consideration for the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related internet domain names. We have since paid $100
000 in principal to Ms. Park. The remaining balance of $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month we realize at least $150
000 in gross revenue. This remaining $400
000 balance is currently classified as a noncurrent liability. We believe that we will be able to make the approximate $11
000 monthly payment when (and if) we achieve the monthly $150
000 revenue threshold which triggers our repayment obligation.


 as described above
 as of April 2
 2018
 we are indebted to Kae Park
 a significant shareholder
 and Howard Baer
 her spouse
 in the aggregate amount of $1
355
857
 which is secured by the Company&#8217;s assets. As of April 13
 2016 (with an effective date of January 1
 2016)
 $564
000 of the principal due under the note evidencing this indebtedness is interest bearing at the rate of 10% annually with any remainder being non-interest bearing. The $50
000 advance made March 29
 2018 bears interest at 8%
 is secured by the Company&#8217;s interest in Crush Mobile
 and is due June 30
 2018. Otherwise
 amounts due under the main note are payable on demand. If demand for payment is made
 and we are unable to pay the amount due
 we would be in default and Ms. Park and Mr. Baer would have the right to sell our assets to satisfy the amounts due them under the promissory note. In such event
 shareholders of the company would lose their entire investment in the Company.


 as described above
 between January 1
 and December 31
 2017
 we received proceeds of $572
299 from John Lemak (and affiliates)
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which both interest bearing and non-interest bearing notes were issued. The notes
 as extended
 mature on June 30
 2018 with certain notes secured by certain of the Company&#8217;s URLs and websites (www.weedepot.com
 www.ratemystrain.com
 www.marijuanamd.com and www.420careers.com. The Company had total notes payable to this related party of $772
936 at April 2
 2018.  The $25
000 advance made March 29
 2018 bears interest at 8%
 is secured by the Company&#8217;s interest in Crush Mobile (pari passu with Park)
 and is due June 30
 2018. If the notes due June 30
 2018 are not extended again
 and we are unable to pay the amount due
 which we cannot currently pay
 then we would be in default and Mr. Lemak and his affiliates would have the right to sell our assets to satisfy the amounts due them under the promissory note. In such event
 shareholders of the company would lose their entire investment in the Company.




 2017 and 2016.





































 Inc.:




 Inc. (&#8220;the Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&#8217; deficit
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2017 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.






 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. &nbsp;Such procedures included examining on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. &nbsp;Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. &nbsp;We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. &nbsp;

/s/ Sadler
 Gibb &amp; Associates
 LLC




 UT

 2018 &nbsp;



NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.




December 31
 

December 31





































14
405




291
781







15
000







307
393


14
405









Property and equipment
 net $12
438 and $9
763 depreciation





2
675

Web Development Costs
 net $207
315 and $189
223 amortization


104
597


176
963







17
361




411
990


211
404




























219
800


340
805




878
400


704
997




2
000
293


1
542
217




79
900


79
900







100
000




3
178
393


2
767
919

















Notes payable &#8211;&nbsp;related party
 net of current portion


400
000


400
000




3
578
393


3
167
919

































Common stock - 200
000
000 shares authorized having a par value of $.001 per share; 121
018
241 and 112
836
581 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively


121
018


112
837







62
000




18
638
874


17
552
058




(21
926
295)


(20
683
410)




(3
166
403)


(2
956
515)




411
990


211
404





NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.






December 31


December 31
















20
100


15
680

















730
744


488
116



180
000


180
000






282
594



234
713


212
815



69
000


134
400



1
327


2
327



1
215
784


1
300
252










(1
195
684)


(1
284
572)

















(5
798)






45
867






(17
361)


(475
751)






(10
695)



(69
909)


(63
063)






(131
000)



(47
201)


(680
509)










(1
242
885)


(1
965
081)
























(1
242
885)


(1
965
081)
















115
813
660

112
818
088












NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.



Years Ended December 31
















(1
242
885)


(1
965
081)










2
675


4
146



72
366


72
366



8
219









131
000






102
594



480
199






5
798






17
361


475
751






10
695



(45
867)


































37
660


(36
326)



175
692


531
055



(488
782)


(673
400)













(28
056)






(28
056)










25
000









100
000



635
049


656
600



(185
060)


(63
690)



474
989


692
910



(13
793)


(8
546)

Cash
 Beginning of Period

14
405


22
951

Cash
 End of Period




14
405































300
000






62
000






142
398


7
500



15
000








NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.
































Balance
 December 31
 2015
112
761
581
$    &nbsp;112
762
$ 16
966
288
$ &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;62
000
$   (18
718
329)
$ &nbsp;(1
577
279)










75
000

7
425


7
500




102
594


102
594




475
751


475
751

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2016




(1
965
081)
(1
965
081)









Balance
 December 31
 2015
112
836
581
$ &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;112
837
$ 17
552
058
$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;62
000
$  (20
683
410)
$ &nbsp;(2
956
515)










400
000

61
600
(62
000)




1
631
660
1
631
80
417


82
048


1
000
000
1
000
24
000


25
000


300
000

14
700


15
000


1
850
000
1
850
128
900


130
750


3
000
000
3
000
297
000


300
000




480
199


480
199

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2017




(1
242
885)
(1
242
885)









Balance
 December 31
 2017
121
018
241
$ &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;121
018
$ 18
638
874

$  (21
926
295)
$ (3
166
403)






NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL
 INC.

December 31
 2017




 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company. &nbsp;John Venners
 our EVP of Operations and a director
 is also a director of Kuboo
 Inc. &nbsp;See Note 15 - Related Party Transactions.


 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&#8217;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more internet domain names for the customer&#8217;s exclusive use.


 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile. On August 8
 2017
 we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC
 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 dated January 4
 2018 (as amended
 the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;). As reported in our form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10
 2018
 the Crush acquisition was closed January 8
 2018. Accordingly
 Crush&#8217;s operations are not included in the financial statements of the company as of December 31
 2017. Under the terms of the Agreement
 we acquired all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash
 payable within one year of closing. We also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. In connection with Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement
 the parties waived the condition that the Company complete a funding of at least $500
000.


 domain names
 mobile dating applications and related software and intellectual property. Crush Mobile
 with approximately nine hundred thousand members
 has developed&#160;a group of dating sites with a presence in the Latino
 Israeli and African American communities. Crush will also be incorporating Northsight&#8217;s &quot;Joint Lovers&quot; dating app
 which concentrates on the Cannabis space
 into its dating applications suite.










 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.




 2017 and 2016
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.




 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&#8217; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
 or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value of the share-based payments whichever is more readily determinable. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.


 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards
 based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.








 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability
 which was then written off in 2017.




 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.







Furniture
 fixtures and equipment













 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&#8217;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&#8217;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&#8217;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&#8217;s investment. &#160;Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&#8217;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. &#160;Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&#8217;s Statements of Operations. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has abandoned the joint venture company.


 no further losses are recorded in the Company&#8217;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. &#160;On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies
 the difference between disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts of the investments are recognized in profit or loss.




 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. 





Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#8217;s distributors
 resellers or customers. &nbsp;
Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. &nbsp;








 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.


 2017 and 2016.




 &#8220;Financial Instruments
&#8221; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2017 and 2016.




 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &#160;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.




 &#8220;Earnings Per Share.&#8221; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &#160;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.


355
285 warrants as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.




 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. &nbsp;If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements upon adoption




926
295 and has had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. 


 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company raised aggregate gross proceeds of $635
049 in capital through the issuance of notes payable and $25
000 through the issuance of common stock. &nbsp;Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.


 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.




 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;TW&#8221;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company is developing an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. The Company and TW own 60% and 40% respectively of equity of the joint venture company.


 2016
 the Company instituted a legal action in Arizona against
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 (&#8220;TW&#8221;). The complaint alleged that (i) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the remaining $15
000 due to the joint venture company by April 29
 2016
 (ii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the last $50
000 convertible note due to the Company by April 29
 2016
 and (iii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund their respective 40% of development expense in excess of the initial $100
000. The Company sought damages in the amount of $128
000 plus interest.



 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
 and (v) the Company has not provided accounting for all funds received by TW.


 2017
 the Company and Tumbleweed settled the litigation relating to the joint venture. As part of the settlement
 Tumbleweed converted its $100
000 convertible note and it&#8217;s $85
000 joint venture investment into shares of company common stock at a rate of $.10 per share
 resulting in a net loss on settlement of $30
750. The warrants issuable to Tumbleweed and the company were cancelled. The parties released each other from all claims related to the joint venture. Following the settlement
 the Company wrote down its investment in the joint venture to zero and abandoned the joint venture.


 2017 and 2016 is as follows:


December 31
 

December 31
































33
704






33
704













128
936






162
640



























34
204






33
704



























146
560






(18
125)






128
436






162
640




 2017 and 2016 is as follows:





December 31



December 31









































14
525






3
600






18
125













(18
125)













(18
125)













(10
695)






 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company did not capitalize any costs incurred towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &#8220;yellow pages.&#8221; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $8
941 and $25
184 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. 


 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $72
366 and $72
366during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. &nbsp;



As of December 31
 2017

As of December 31
 2016






311
912


311
912
















(207
315)


(134
949)






104
597


176
963








 2017 and 2016:



As of December 31
 2016

As of December 31
 2015






12
438


12
438






12
438


12
438






(12
438)


(9
763)









2
675






675 and $4
146 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




 2017
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $878
400 which consisted of the following:











355
500





112
955


Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.


233
466


Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.


3
000

Kuboo
 Inc.
Former parent company
 significant shareholder


166
976





6
503





878
400






 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &#8220;Park&#8221;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward. &#160;Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &#8220;event of default&#8221; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#8217;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.

On September 30
 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral. &#160;Repayment terms remain the same
 and Park has to date not enforced the provision requiring repayment upon receipt of net proceeds from capital raising transactions.


 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum. &nbsp;At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued interest under this note of $112
955.


 2017
 Park advanced an aggregate of $62
750 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $43
550 of its secured debt to Park and recaptured $141
510 worth of payroll expenses for Park&#8217;s use of Company personnel. &nbsp;Amounts recaptured for the use of Company personnel have been treated as repayments on the Company&#8217;s Statements of Cash Flows. &#160;&nbsp;At December 31
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
292
357 which is secured by the assets of the Company. &#160;Because this debt is payable on demand
 the company has classified it as a current liability.


 2017:

Amount due - December 31
 2016

1
414
667



62
750



(141
510)



(43
550)

Balance due &#8211;&nbsp;December 31
 2017

1
292
357




 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&#8217;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue (see Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies).


 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#8217;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. &#160;The Company subsequently recaptured all previously recorded interest expense related to the note.


 2016 and March 16
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $101
299 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $102
465 consisting of $101
000 in principal and $1
465 in accrued interest for the previous notes. The $299 forgiven as part of the note restructure was recorded as a gain on extinguishment of debt. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and is unsecured.


 2016 and January 13
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $41
550 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $42
374 consisting of $41
550 in principal and $824 in accrued interest for the previous notes. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and is unsecured.


 2017
 the company renegotiated a $65
000 note to Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 with interest tied to the performance of its joint venture agreement into a new $71
097 note. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and is unsecured. At the time of the refinance
 the joint venture had not produced positive income
 so no interest was due on the note. The $6
097 consideration given on the new note was recorded as a loss on extinguishment of debt.


 2017 and June 29
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $140
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $140
000 to restructure the previous notes. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018 as amended
 and is secured by certain domain names and websites owned by the Company.


Between August 1
 2017 and September 28
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $182
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which several notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes are non-interest bearing
 mature on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and secured by certain of the company&#8217;s domain name and websites.


 2017 and December 22
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $170
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which several notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes are non-interest bearing
 mature on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and are secured by certain of the company&#8217;s domain name and websites.






 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900. &#160;The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually. &#160;In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898. &#160;The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans. &#160;As of December 31
 2017
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $40
126 is in default.


 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each). &#160;The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually and has a security interest over the domain www.jointlovers.com. &#160;As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918. &#160;The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). As of December 31
 2017
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $51
025 is in default.




 2016
 in conjunction with its joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &#8211;&nbsp;Investment in Joint Venture)
 the Company entered an agreement to issue three $50
000
 one-year convertible notes. These notes are convertible into shares of the Company&#8217;s stock at a price of $0.20 per share or a total of 250
000 shares each
 of which only two were issued for a total of $100
000. Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&#8217;s joint venture company&#8217;s net revenues
 up to fifty percent of the original face value This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. Concurrent with this agreement
 the Company issued the first of these convertible notes. On April 8
 2016
 the Company issued the second of these convertible notes.


 2017
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Tumbleweed wherein it was agreed that Tumbleweed would convert its notes into common stock at the rate of $0.10 per share. The Company recognized a gain on settlement from the conversions of $29
600 based on the stock price of $0.0704 on July 17
 2017.


 2017:






Balance &#8211;&nbsp;December 31
 2016

196
433


100
000










(116
533)


(100
000)








Balance &#8211;December 31
 2017

79
900










 2016
 the Company issued 75
000 shares of common stock as settlement of a contract obligation to a vendor valued at $7
500.


 2017
 the Company issued 400
000 previously accrued shares of the Company&#8217;s commons stock as settlement of its lawsuit with Lee Ori.


 2017
 we sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.025
 for gross proceeds of $25
000
 to an &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 2017
 the Company issued a total of 1
631
660 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock as settlement for an aggregate $163
166 in payables to an &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The Company recognized an aggregate gain of $76
617 on these settlements.


 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
850
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in connection with the settlement of its lawsuit with Tumbleweed Holdings resulting in a net loss on settlement of $30
750. 


 2017
 the Company issued 3
000
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $300
000 or $0.10 per share
 as payment in for a consulting contract. &nbsp;The Company recorded this issuance as a prepaid expense to be amortized over the contract&#8217;s twelve month term.


 2017
 we sold 300
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.05
 for gross proceeds of $15
000
 to an &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.




 2016
 we sold $150
000 of convertible notes and warrants to purchase 4.9% of our issued and outstanding stock
 in connection with our Joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 as disclosed in our Form 8-K Current Report filed with the SEC on March 2
 2016. The warrant to purchase Company common stock has an exercise price of $0.08 per share
 a three-year term and a cashless exercise right.


 2016
 in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &#8211;&nbsp;Investment in Joint Venture)
 the company agreed to issue a warrant to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. These warrants were valued at $475
751 using the Black-Scholes pricing model
 were fully vested upon issuance and have a cashless exercise provision.


 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $33
236 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $29
720 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.


 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $39
638 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance. 

October 16
 2017
 The Company issued Sandor Capital
 a significant shareholder and related party
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1
130
285 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share for a term of three years and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years. These warrants were valued at $480
195 using the black &#8211;Scholes binary model and we fully vested upon issue.






























 2017 is as follows:








Outstanding &#8211;&nbsp;December 31
 2016

17
755
603






10
130
285













(6
239
603)






(10
291
000)




Balance as December 31
 2017

11
355
285







 2017 are as follows:























11
355
285








11
355
285





117
000




 2017 was $0.06.




 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period.


 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
 would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 a separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.


 2017 and 2016
 respectively:




December 31




December 31






11
355
285


17
755
603







500
000




11
355
285


18
255
603






 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement that requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#8217;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000 (see Note 15 - Related Party Transactions).


 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#8217;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue.


 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#8217;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. &#160;


 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile
 LLC. On August 8
 2017
 the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the company will acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash payable in one year. The Company also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. See Note 16 &#8211;&nbsp;Subsequent Events






 2017 and 2016
&#160;the Company had net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $6
259
106 and $5
633
041
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. &#160;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
 2011 and 2010.


 2017 and 2016 is summarized as follows:









(6
295
106)

(5
633
041)













(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)







(8
982
765)

(8
473
442)



5
512
650

5
312
555



415
621

415
621



124
065

93
322



144
913

144
913



206
399

199
287



2
579
177

2
307
744










579
177 and $2
307
744 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &#160;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $271
000 is primarily attributable to the Company&#8217;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
 2017.

The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 are as follows:









(509
323)

(804
932)



200
095

42
031









30
743

31
345



7
112

199
287



271
375

532
269












 Arizona where we rented space from Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of a significant shareholder until July 2017. We previously rented space form Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former parent company. During the year ended December 31
 2017 we incurred related party rent expense of $69
000.


 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 advanced an aggregate of $62
750 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $43
550 of its secured debt to Park and recaptured $141
510 worth of payroll expenses for Park&#8217;s use of Company personnel. &nbsp;Amounts recaptured for the use of Company personnel have been treated as repayments on the Company&#8217;s Statements of Cash Flows. &#160;&nbsp;At December 31
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
292
357 which is secured by the assets of the Company. &#160;


 2017
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder.


 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. The remaining principal is non-interest bearing. &#160;At December 31
 2017
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $112
955.


 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $572
299 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder and John Lemak
 its affiliate
 for which notes were issued. The notes
 as extended
 mature June 30
 2018 with some being secured and others unsecured. At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued interest of $6
503 related to the notes.




 there were no additional reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.




 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company of $70
500
 have received repayments of $7
000 leaving a balance due of $1
355
857 at April 2
 2018. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including all of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. Of the $52
000 advanced in 2018
 the $50
000 advanced on March 29
 2018 is secured by the company&#8217;s interest in Crush Mobile
 bears interest at 8%  and is payable on June 30
 2018.


 2017
 John S. Lemak
 a significant shareholder
 has made additional advances to the Company of $65
000 leaving a balance due of $772
936 at April 2
 2018. These advances generally bear interest at the rate of 8% and are secured by certain Company assets
 including certain of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. Of the $65
000 advanced in 2018
 the $25
000 advanced on March 29
 2018 is secured by the company&#8217;s interest in Crush Mobile (pari passu with Park/Baer)
 bears interest at 8% and is payable on June 30
 2018.




 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 for a purchase price of $90
000. 




 2018
 the Company issued 106
500 shares of the Company&#8217;s commons stock to a vendor as settlement of a payable balance of $5
219.


 2018
 the Company issued 300
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s commons stock valued at $23
400 as a commitment fee to a prospective investor.


 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate 7
904
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in connection with the closing of the Crush Mobile acquisition described below.


 2018
 the Company owed 500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to Tumbleweed Holdings pursuant to their prior settlement agreement.


 2018
 the Company issued 500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock pursuant to a consulting contract.



In May 2017
 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile. On August 8
 2017
 the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC
 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 dated January 4
 2018 (as amended
 the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;). As reported in the Company&#8217;s form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10
 2018
 the Crush acquisition was closed January 8
 2018. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the company acquired all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash
 payable within one year of closing. The Company also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. Effective February 1
 2018
 the company has engaged Crush Mobile&#160;current CEO
 Sonya Kreizman
 and Yosi Shemesh
 as consultants. Ms. Kreizman and Mr. Shemesh will be paid $7
000 and $6
500 per month
 respectively for their services. 










 our Management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report were not effective. This was due in large part a lack of duty separation caused by our small corporate structure. As we grow
 Management plans to implement more stringent disclosure controls and procedures. 


 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within us have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.






 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.


&#8212;2013
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013.&#160;&#160;Based on this evaluation
 our Principal Executive Officer and Financial Controller
 concluded that
 as of December 31
 2017
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
 based on having insufficient resources to establish an effective control environment during 2017. 






 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.




 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company of $70
500 and have received repayments of $7
000
 leaving a balance due of $1
334
329 at April 2
 2018. $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note is interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. At December 31
 2017
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $112
955. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including all of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. Of the $70
500 advanced in 2018
 the $50
000 advanced on March 29
 2018 is secured by the Company&#8217;s interest in Crush Mobile
 bears interest at 8% and is payable on June 30
 2018. 


 2017
 John S. Lemak
 a significant shareholder
 has made additional advances to the Company of $65
000 leaving a balance due of $772
936 at April 2
 2018. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including certain of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. Of the $65
000 advanced in 2018
 the $25
000 advanced on March 29
 2018 is secured by the company&#8217;s interest in Crush Mobile (pari passu with Park/Baer)
 bears interest at 8% and is payable on June 30
 2018.



ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




 positions and biographical information are set forth below.








Executive Vice President
 Operations Director
August 5
 2015

 2014



Executive Vice President
 Director of Corporate Development
February 5
 2018




July 1
 2015





&#160;Mr. Venners has
 since August 5
 2015
 been our Executive Vice President
 Operations and has since August 18
 2014
 served as a member of the board of directors of the Company. He also served as our interim president from May 31
 2011 through March 24
 2014. The Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Venners should serve as a member of our board of directors based upon his experience in governmental relations. 


 2010
 Mr. Venners has been President
 CEO
 and a director of Kuboo
 Inc.
 an Arizona based company focused on developing an internet portal that provides a safe environment for children to use and learn about the internet. Kuboo
 Inc. is a significant shareholder of the Company and may be considered an affiliate of the Company. In addition
 John Bluher
 our CEO and one of our directors is also a director of Kuboo
 Inc.


 since May and February
 2011
 also served as Treasurer and director (respectively) of NCAP Security Systems
 Inc.
 a subsidiary of Kuboo which was developing a corporate security business.


 2008
 Mr. Venners has served as President of BioEcoTek &#8211;&nbsp;Hawaii
 a company engaged in the waste-to-energy business. In June
 2009
 Mr. Venners founded and has since been President of Harbor Energy Capital
 a renewable energy consulting business. Prior to January
 2008 and since 1976
 Mr. Venners was President of Venners and Company
 Ltd.
 a Washington D.C based energy consulting firm.

&#160;Effective February 5
 2018
 Mr. Janis was appointed Executive Vice President and Director of Corporate Development. During the past 5 years Mr. Janis has been an independent investment advisor to many public and private companies
 primarily in the micro-cap space. He has advised numerous companies about mergers and acquisition transactions
 as well as private financing and public offerings.



 Martin E. Janis company. Janis handled both corporate clients and major political campaigns for the White House. During those years
 Janis was highly involved with Public Relations for both Bush&#8217;s campaigns
 Jack Kemp and Mitt Romneys runs for President. The Janis influence in the White House extended to many other political campaigns as well.



 Effective July 1
 2015
 Mr. Dean was appointed a director by our Board of Directors. &nbsp;Mr. Dean will serve on the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is duly elected
 subject to earlier resignation or removal. &#160;&#160;


 including mergers and acquisitions
 public and private financing
 management buy-outs and corporate divestitures.




 as amended (&quot;Section 16(a)&quot;)
 requires our Directors and executive officers
 and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities (collectively
 &quot;Section 16 reporting persons&quot;)
 to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our Common Stock and other equity securities. Section 16 reporting persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


 based solely on a review of the copies of any such reports furnished to us
 none of the Section 16 reporting persons failed to file on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to our most recent fiscal year (December 31
 2017)
 except that John Lemak and his affiliate
 Sandor Capital Master Fund
 a 10% beneficial owner
 filed a Form 4 late.










 without limitation
 independence
 integrity
 business experience
 education
 accounting and financial expertise
 reputation
 civic
 community and industry relationships and industry knowledge. In nominating an existing director for re-election to the Board of Directors
 the Directors will consider and review an existing director&#8217;s Board and Committee attendance
 performance and length of service.




 due to our relatively low material operations and the fact that we presently have only three directors and one executive officer
 we believe that we are able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by an Audit Committee.&#160;&#160;Following significant increases in our business operations
 a further review of this issue will no doubt be necessary.




 the &#8220;Named Executive Officers&#8221;) during or with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015.











(1
3
4)





John Hollister
 Former CEO





















102
594



102
594









51
048



51
048

John Venners
 EVP Operations

















180
000







180
000





73
973







73
973

William Lupo
 Former CEO



































800
000



800
000

John Bluher
 Former CEO































207
000



482
500

36
000

725
500



On October 21
 2015
 John Hollister became our interim CEO. His agreement provides for a base salary of $400
000 annually and a $35
000 signing bonus subject to deferral until certain equity benchmarks are met as well as warrants to purchase an aggregate five million shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $0.09 per share. &nbsp;The warrants are issuable as follows: 500
000 warrants within 5 business days of signing and 4
500
000 warrants to be issued in twelve quarterly installments of 375
000
 commencing December 31
 2015
 for so long as Mr. Hollister was employed by the Company. &nbsp;The amounts previously reported as deferred Salary and Bonus were recaptured upon Mr. Hollister&#8217;s resignation
Mr. Hollister resigned as Interim CEO effective November 13
 2016.&nbsp;

On August 5
 2015
 Mr. Venners became our Executive Vice President
 Operations. &nbsp;His agreement provides for an annual base salary of $180
000. &nbsp;Beginning January 1
 2017
 Mr. Venners has waived his annual salary. &nbsp;Mr. Venners resigned from his previous position as President
 Treasurer and Secretary on March 24
 2014. &nbsp;Between March 2014 and August 2015
 Mr. Venners provided consulting services to the Company which are included in consulting expense &#8211;&nbsp;related party in our statements of operations.&nbsp;

On July 15
 2015
 the Company appointed William Lupo
 Jr. as its CEO and issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $800
000 pursuant to his employment letter. &nbsp;Upon Mr. Lupo&#8217;s resignation on September 15
 2015
 a separation agreement was signed for which he agreed to waive all accrued salary and subsequently returned 500
000 of these shares to the Company.&nbsp;

Upon the hiring of William Lupo
 Jr.
 Mr. Bluher stepped down as CEO and was appointed President. &nbsp;Effective September 11
 2015
 Mr. Bluher resigned as President at which time unpaid salaries and expense reimbursements due under his employment contract totaling $208
000 were settled with the issuance of 1
600
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.&nbsp;




 which also functions as our Compensation Committee
 intends to adopt a performance-based bonus program for the Company&#8217;s executive officers.




 but we expect to adopt one in the near term.




 2017.




 with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


 2017
 Directors who were compensated as employees received no additional compensation for service on our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors plans to establish a compensation plan for nonemployee directors
 in connection with our appointment of such director(s).


 in order to align their interests with those of the shareholders
 each non-employee Director may also be granted rights to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price to be determined by the Board of Directors. We also expect that all or a portion of these rights will vest monthly on a pro rata basis over each non-employee Director&#8217;s initial term as a Director.








 deferred compensation or long-term incentive plan awards were issued or granted to our management during the years ended December 31
 2017. &nbsp;During the year ended December 31
 2016 the company issued its former CEO Warrants to purchase an aggregate 1
125
000 shares of common stock valued at 102
594. 






 2018
 for (i) each person named in the &#8220;Summary Compensation Table&#8221; as a current Named Executive Officer
 (ii) each current director individually
 (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group
 and (iv) each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding common stock. The address for our executive officers and directors is in care of Northsight Capital
 Inc.
 7650 E Gray Rd
 Suite 103
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260.





















 AZ 85260

23
590
932









Winterwalk Capital
 LLC

9
000
941











3
000
000





















Kuboo
 Inc.

7
516
666





 AZ 85260&#160;













40
505
305



2828 Routh St.
 Suite 500














10
516
666







Based upon information furnished by the persons listed. Except as otherwise noted
 all persons have sole voting and investment power over the shares listed. A person is deemed
 as of any date
 to have &#8220;beneficial ownership&#8221; of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date.&nbsp;

There were 129
828
741 shares of our common stock outstanding on April 2
 2018&nbsp;

John Venners is a director and the CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&nbsp;

John Lemak is the General Partner of Sandor Capital Master Fund
 in which capacity
 he manages the fund&#8217;s assets and day to day business activities. The shares beneficially owned above include warrants to purchase an additional aggregate 10
130
285 shares of common stock held by Sandor Capital Master Fund.&nbsp;

Includes shares owned of record by Kuboo
 Inc.
 as our director and EVP is also an officer and director of Kuboo&nbsp;

Includes shares owned of record by Wealthcorp
 LLC
 Winterwalk
 LLC and Christopher Walkup
 who is a managing member of each of Wealthcorp
 LLC and Winterwalk
 LLC.&nbsp;

SEC Rule 13d-3 generally provides that beneficial owners of securities include any person who
 directly or indirectly
 has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such securities
 and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days.&#160;&#160;Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options
 warrants or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned by that person.&#160;&#160;Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person.&#160;&#160;




 not applicable.




 not applicable.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE




 Arizona where we rented space from Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of a significant shareholder until July 2017. We previously rented space form Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former parent company. During the year ended December 31
 2017 we incurred related party rent expense of $69
000.


 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 advanced an aggregate of $62
750 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $43
550 of its secured debt to Park and recaptured $141
510 worth of payroll expenses for Park&#8217;s use of Company personnel. &nbsp;Amounts recaptured for the use of Company personnel have been treated as repayments on the Company&#8217;s Statements of Cash Flows. &#160;&nbsp;At December 31
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
292
357 which is secured by the assets of the Company. Since December 31
 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company of $70
500
 have received repayments of $7
000 leaving a balance due of $1
355
857 at April 2
 2018. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including all of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. An additional $50
000 was advanced on March 29
 2018. This advance is secured by the company&#8217;s interest in Crush Mobile
 bears interest at 8% and is payable on June 30
 2018.


 2017
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder.


 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. The remaining principal is non-interest bearing. &#160;At December 31
 2017
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $112
955.


 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $572
299 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder and John Lemak
 its affiliate
 for which notes were issued. The notes
 as extended
 mature June 30
 2018 with some being secured and others unsecured. At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued interest of $6
503 related to the notes. Since December 31
 2017
 John S. Lemak
 a significant shareholder
 has made additional advances to the Company of $65
000 leaving a balance due of $772
936 at April 2
 2018. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including certain of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. The additional $25
000 advanced on March 29
 2018
 is secured by the company&#8217;s interest in Crush Mobile (pari passu with Park/Baer)
 bears interest at 8%  and is payable on June 30
 2018.




 we have elected to use the definition of &#8220;independence&#8221; set forth in the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. After considering all relevant relationships and transactions
 our board of directors has determined that none of our directors are &#8220;independent&#8221; within the meaning of the applicable listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 except for Mr. Dean. The Company does not at this time have separate Audit
 Compensation
 or Nominating and Governance Committees. Instead
 the full board of directors has the responsibility of selecting and working with our independent auditors
 setting executive compensation
 and selecting individuals to be nominated for election to the board of directors. We anticipate enlarging our Board of Directors and filling one or more of the resulting vacancies with directors who are &#8220;independent&#8221; within the meaning of applicable listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market.






 2017 and 2016:










43
750


40
250




3
235























46
985


40
250







&#160;Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning.

&#160;Consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants
 other than the services reported under &#8220;Audit fees
&#8221; &#8220;Audit-related fees
&#8221; and &#8220;Tax fees&#8221; above.




 there is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However
 we do require approval in advance of the performance of professional services to be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally
 all services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant.



ITEM 15:&#160;&#160;EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

















Certificate of Incorporation
 as amended















Asset purchase agreement between registrant and Kae Park
 as seller
 dated 05/02/2014















Amended and Restated Promissory Note issued to Kae Yong Park July 25
 2014







Agreement with Kae Yong Park dated September 23
 2014































Settlement Agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.







Joint Venture Agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 dated February 29
 2016







Form of Convertible Note issued to Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 dated February 29
 2016















Form&#160;of Note issued to Sandor Capital Master Fund dated May 11
 2016&#160;







Form of Warrant issued to Sandor Capital Master Fund dated September 14
 2017&#160;







Crush Mobile acquisition agreement
 as amended
















Preliminary Agreement
 with Westcliff Technologies
 Inc. dated November 10
 2017&#160;







Note Extension Agreement with John Lemak and Sandor Capital Master Fund dated December 28
 2017







Form&#160;of Note issued to Park dated March 29
 2018







Form&#160;of Note issued to John Lemak IRA dated March 29
 2018






























 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

 Inc.






 2018


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933
 this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated




 

 principal executive
 financial and accounting officer 


 2018




 

 


 2018




 



 2018














 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.







Scottsdale
 Arizona
March 29
 2018

FOR VALUE RECEIVED
 the undersigned
 Northsight Capital
 Inc.
7580 E. Gray Rd.
 suite 103
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260 (hereinafter referred to as the &#8220;Maker&#8221;)
 hereby promises to pay to the order of Howard R. Baer and Kae Yong Park with a mailing address of PO box 14110
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85267 (together
 &#8220;Holder&#8221;)
 the sum of FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($50
000). 

All outstanding principal sums shall be paid by Maker
 as set forth below. The entire balance of outstanding principal and other fees and charges shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) an Event of Default (as defined below) or (ii) June 30
 2018 (the &#8220;Maturity Date). There shall be no prepayment penalty. 

The unpaid principal balance from time to time outstanding under this note shall accrue and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to eight percent (8.0%)
 until fully paid. Interest and fees shall be calculated based on a 365/366-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. &nbsp;In no event shall interest payable hereunder exceed the highest rate permitted by applicable law. &nbsp;To the extent any interest received by Holder exceeds the maximum amount permitted
 such payment shall be credited to principal
 and any excess remaining after full payment of principal shall be refunded to Maker. &nbsp;The principal balance of this note may be prepaid in whole or in part
 without premium or penalty
 at any time.

&#8221; hereunder: (i) Maker&#8217;s failure to make any payment when due hereunder; (ii) with respect to Maker
 the commencement of an action seeking relief under federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency statutes or similar laws
 or seeking the appointment of a receiver
 trustee or custodian for Maker or all or part of its assets
 or the commencement of an involuntary proceeding against Maker under federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency statues or similar laws
 which involuntary proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days; or (iii) if Maker makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors. &nbsp;If an Events of Default occurs
 the obligations under this note shall become immediately due and payable without notice or demand. &nbsp;

Maker agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses
 including
 without limitation
 reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees and expenses incurred
 or which may be incurred
 by Holder in connection with the enforcement and collection of this note. &nbsp;Such costs and expenses shall be payable upon demand for the same and until so paid shall be added to the principal amount of the note. &nbsp;

Maker hereby waives presentment
 demand
 notice
 protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery
 acceptance
 performance and enforcement of this note
 and assent to extensions of the time of payment or forbearance or other indulgence without notice. &nbsp;No delay or omission of Holder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver of any such right or remedy. &nbsp;Acceptance by Holder of any payment after demand shall not be deemed a waiver of such demand. &nbsp;A waiver on one occasion shall not operate as a bar to or waiver of any such right or remedy on any future occasion.

This instrument contains the entire agreement among Maker and Holder with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
 and supersedes all negotiations
 presentations
 warranties
 commitments
 offers
 contracts and writings prior to the date hereof relating to the subject matter hereof. &nbsp;This instrument may be amended
 modified
 waived
 discharged or terminated only by a writing signed by Maker and accepted in writing by Holder.

This instrument shall be governed by Arizona law
 without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. &nbsp;For purposes of any action or proceeding involving this note
 Maker and Holder hereby expressly submit to the jurisdiction of all federal and state courts located in the State of Arizona and consent to any order
 process
 notice of motion or other application to or by any of said courts or a judge thereof being served within or without such court&#8217;s jurisdiction by registered mail or by personal service
 a reasonable time for appearance is allowed (but not less than the time otherwise afforded by any law or rule)
 and waives any right to contest the appropriateness of any action brought in any such court based upon lack of personal jurisdiction
 improper venue or forum non conveniens. &nbsp;

This Note shall inure to the benefit of Holder&#8217;s successors and assigns. In order to secure the fulfillment of Maker&#8217;s obligations hereunder to Holder
 the Maker hereby grants to the Holder a security interest in all of the membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC owned by Maker (the &#8220;Collateral&#8221;). Maker represents and warrants to Holder that the Collateral is not subject to any liens or encumbrance which is superior to Holder&#8217;s lien
 provided that Holder acknowledges that Maker is
 in consideration of a $25
000 advance
 concurrently granting John Lemak IRA Rollover &nbsp;a lien in the Collateral which shall be pari passu with Holder&#8217;s lien. Maker covenants and agrees that it shall not grant any further liens in or otherwise further encumber the Collateral. &nbsp;
Executed as an instrument under seal
 as of the date first above written. This Note shall not become an obligation of the Maker until countersigned by Holder and returned to Maker.



Northsight Capital
 Inc.


John P. Venners
 EVP Operations 


























 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.







Scottsdale
 Arizona
March 29
 2018

FOR VALUE RECEIVED
 the undersigned
 Northsight Capital
 Inc.
7580 E. Gray Rd.
 suite 103
 Scottsdale
 AZ 85260 (hereinafter referred to as the &#8220;Maker&#8221;)
 hereby promises to pay to the order of John Lemak IRA Rollover (Texas Capital Bank Custodian)
 with a mailing address of 2828 Routh St.
 Dallas Texas (&#8220;Holder&#8221;)
 the sum of TWENTY FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($25
000). 

All outstanding principal sums shall be paid by Maker
 as set forth below. The entire balance of outstanding principal and other fees and charges shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) an Event of Default (as defined below) or (ii) June 30
 2018 (the &#8220;Maturity Date). There shall be no prepayment penalty. 

The unpaid principal balance from time to time outstanding under this note shall accrue and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to eight percent (8.0%)
 until fully paid. Interest and fees shall be calculated based on a 365/366-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. &nbsp;In no event shall interest payable hereunder exceed the highest rate permitted by applicable law. &nbsp;To the extent any interest received by Holder exceeds the maximum amount permitted
 such payment shall be credited to principal
 and any excess remaining after full payment of principal shall be refunded to Maker. &nbsp;The principal balance of this note may be prepaid in whole or in part
 without premium or penalty
 at any time.

&#8221; hereunder: (i) Maker&#8217;s failure to make any payment when due hereunder; (ii) with respect to Maker
 the commencement of an action seeking relief under federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency statutes or similar laws
 or seeking the appointment of a receiver
 trustee or custodian for Maker or all or part of its assets
 or the commencement of an involuntary proceeding against Maker under federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency statues or similar laws
 which involuntary proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days; or (iii) if Maker makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors. &nbsp;If an Events of Default occurs
 the obligations under this note shall become immediately due and payable without notice or demand. &nbsp;

Maker agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses
 including
 without limitation
 reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees and expenses incurred
 or which may be incurred
 by Holder in connection with the enforcement and collection of this note. &nbsp;Such costs and expenses shall be payable upon demand for the same and until so paid shall be added to the principal amount of the note. &nbsp;

Maker hereby waives presentment
 demand
 notice
 protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery
 acceptance
 performance and enforcement of this note
 and assent to extensions of the time of payment or forbearance or other indulgence without notice. &nbsp;No delay or omission of Holder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver of any such right or remedy. &nbsp;Acceptance by Holder of any payment after demand shall not be deemed a waiver of such demand. &nbsp;A waiver on one occasion shall not operate as a bar to or waiver of any such right or remedy on any future occasion.

This instrument contains the entire agreement among Maker and Holder with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
 and supersedes all negotiations
 presentations
 warranties
 commitments
 offers
 contracts and writings prior to the date hereof relating to the subject matter hereof. &nbsp;This instrument may be amended
 modified
 waived
 discharged or terminated only by a writing signed by Maker and accepted in writing by Holder.

This instrument shall be governed by Arizona law
 without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. &nbsp;For purposes of any action or proceeding involving this note
 Maker and Holder hereby expressly submit to the jurisdiction of all federal and state courts located in the State of Arizona and consent to any order
 process
 notice of motion or other application to or by any of said courts or a judge thereof being served within or without such court&#8217;s jurisdiction by registered mail or by personal service
 a reasonable time for appearance is allowed (but not less than the time otherwise afforded by any law or rule)
 and waives any right to contest the appropriateness of any action brought in any such court based upon lack of personal jurisdiction
 improper venue or forum non conveniens. &nbsp;

This Note shall inure to the benefit of Holder&#8217;s successors and assigns. In order to secure the fulfillment of Maker&#8217;s obligations hereunder to Holder
 the Maker hereby grants to the Holder a security interest in all of the membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC owned by Maker (the &#8220;Collateral&#8221;). Maker represents and warrants to Holder that the Collateral is not subject to any liens or encumbrance which is superior to Holder&#8217;s lien
 provided that Holder acknowledges that Maker is
 in consideration of a $50
000 advance
 concurrently granting Howard R. Baer and Kae Park a lien in the Collateral which shall be pari passu with Holder&#8217;s lien. &nbsp;The Maker covenants and agrees that it shall not grant any further liens in or otherwise further encumber the Collateral. &nbsp;
Executed as an instrument under seal
 as of the date first above written. This Note shall not become an obligation of the Maker until countersigned by Holder and returned to Maker.



Northsight Capital
 Inc.


John P. Venners
 EVP Operations 








By: John Lemak
 duly authorized














 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.












 John Venners
 Executive Vice President of Operations and Director of Northsight Capital
 Inc. certify that:


 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.



April 2
 2018






John P. Venners
 EVP Operations
 Director


















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.















 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Annual Report&#8221;)
 I
 John Venners
 Executive Vice President of Operations and Director of the Registrant
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Registrant.



April 2
 2018






John P. Venners
 EVP Operations
 Director

















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.ncap.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt












































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.ncap.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.





	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&amp;#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company.&amp;#160; John Venners
 our EVP of Operations and a director
 is also a director of Kuboo
 Inc.&amp;#160; See Note 15 - Related Party Transactions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s principal business is to provide a wide variety of online directories for a broad range of businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products. The following constitute the Company&amp;#146;s major product categories:&amp;#160; a monthly listing in one or more of the Company&amp;#146;s online directories
 paid advertising in one or more of the Company&amp;#146;s online directories and leasing to customers one or more internet domain names for the customer&amp;#146;s exclusive use.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In May 2017
 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile. On August 8
 2017
 we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC
 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 dated January 4
 2018 (as amended
 the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;). As reported in our form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10
 2018
 the Crush acquisition was closed January 8
 2018. Accordingly
 Crush&amp;#146;s operations are not included in the financial statements of the company as of December 31
 2017. Under the terms of the Agreement
 we acquired all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash
 payable within one year of closing. We also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. In connection with Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement
 the parties waived the condition that the Company complete a funding of at least $500
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Crush Mobile&amp;#146;s assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain names
 mobile dating applications and related software and intellectual property. Crush Mobile
 with approximately nine hundred thousand members
 has developed&amp;nbsp;a group of dating sites with a presence in the Latino
 Israeli and African American communities. Crush will also be incorporating Northsight&amp;#146;s &amp;quot;Joint Lovers&amp;quot; dating app
 which concentrates on the Cannabis space

	
	

 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risk and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Share-based compensation awards
 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&amp;#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
 or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value of the share-based payments whichever is more readily determinable. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by our assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include
 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards
 based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of various payments that the Company has made in advance for goods or services to be received in the future. These prepaid expenses include service contracts paid in advance with the company&amp;#146;s common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accounts receivable represent obligations from customers that are subject to normal collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability
 which was then written off in 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment/Web Development Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; style=&apos;width:57.1%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;51%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.08%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;11%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:11.2%;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:31.05pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;37%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:37.72%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in .1in;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:31.05pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;51%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:51.08%;border:none;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture
 fixtures and equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;11%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:11.2%;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:6.1pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;37%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:37.72%;border:none;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;51%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:51.08%;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;11%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:11.2%;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:6.1pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:25.9pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;37%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:37.72%;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:25.9pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Investment in joint Venture&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&amp;#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&amp;#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&amp;#146;s investment. &amp;nbsp;Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&amp;#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. &amp;nbsp;Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&amp;#146;s Statements of Operations. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has abandoned the joint venture company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;When the Company&amp;#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. &amp;nbsp;On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies
 the difference between disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts of the investments are recognized in profit or loss.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset&apos;s carrying value and estimated fair value. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:.5in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&amp;#146;s distributors
 resellers or customers. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:.5in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:.5in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;The fee is fixed or determinable. The Company assesses whether the fee is fixed or determinable based on the terms associated with the transaction.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:.5in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;Collection is reasonably assured. The Company assesses collectability based on credit analysis and payment history.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Revenue for adds sold is recognized upon delivery of the advertising or is amortized over the time period the advertisement runs using the straight-line method if the advertising contract spans multiple periods.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The fair values of the Company&amp;#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#147;Financial Instruments
&amp;#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2017 and 2016.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loss Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &amp;nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &amp;nbsp;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per Share Policy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share.&amp;#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &amp;nbsp;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes 11
355
285 warrants as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;From time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date.&amp;#160; If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective

	

 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets


 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks


 2017 and 2016


 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&amp;#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
 or immediately if no vesting is required. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value of the share-based payments whichever is more readily determinable. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of the stock underlying the awards on the grant date as there is no exercise price.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by our assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include
 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards

	

 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability


 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gains or losses are recorded as part of other income or expense in the statements of operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;57%&quot; style=&apos;width:57.1%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;51%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:51.08%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;11%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:11.2%;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:31.05pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;37%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:37.72%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0in 0in 0in .1in;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:31.05pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;51%&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:51.08%;border:none;padding:0;height:1.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture



	

 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&amp;#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&amp;#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&amp;#146;s investment. &amp;nbsp;Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&amp;#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. &amp;nbsp;Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&amp;#146;s Statements of Operations. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company has abandoned the joint venture company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;When the Company&amp;#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. &amp;nbsp;On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies

	

 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any


 resellers or customers. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:.5in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/font&gt;Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred


 operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31


 &amp;#147;Financial Instruments
&amp;#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31


 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &amp;nbsp;In regards to legal costs


 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share.&amp;#148; Basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. &amp;nbsp;Diluted loss per common share incorporates the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents on an average basis during the period.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes 11
355
285 warrants as of December 31
 2017 and 2016

	
	

 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date.&amp;#160; If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective


926
295 and has had sustained negative cash flows from operating activities since inception (May 2008). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company raised aggregate gross proceeds of $635
049 in capital through the issuance of notes payable and $25
000 through the issuance of common stock.&amp;#160; Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
 to fund continued operations of the Company and (ii) eventually to generate profits from operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In the event the Company does not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of its common stock or from debt financing
 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition

	
	
	

 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&amp;#147;TW&amp;#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company is developing an online dating service around the URL
 www.jointlovers.com. The Company and TW own 60% and 40% respectively of equity of the joint venture company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On August 15
 2016
 the Company instituted a legal action in Arizona against
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 (&amp;#147;TW&amp;#148;). The complaint alleged that (i) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the remaining $15
000 due to the joint venture company by April 29
 2016
 (ii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the last $50
000 convertible note due to the Company by April 29
 2016
 and (iii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund their respective 40% of development expense in excess of the initial $100
000. The Company sought damages in the amount of $128
000 plus interest.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On September 22
 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
 and (v) the Company has not provided accounting for all funds received by TW.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On July 17
 2017
 the Company and Tumbleweed settled the litigation relating to the joint venture. As part of the settlement
 Tumbleweed converted its $100
000 convertible note and it&amp;#146;s $85
000 joint venture investment into shares of company common stock at a rate of $.10 per share
 resulting in a net loss on settlement of $30
750. The warrants issuable to Tumbleweed and the company were cancelled. The parties released each other from all claims related to the joint venture. Following the settlement
 the Company wrote down its investment in the joint venture to zero
 and abandoned the joint venture.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Summary balance sheet information on the joint venture for at December 31
 2017 and 2016 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;582&quot; style=&apos;width:436.35pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.35pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Current Assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accounts Receivable &amp;#150; Related Party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-3.55pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;33
704&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:17.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-13.5pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;33
704&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:50.0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Web Development Costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;128
936&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-3.55pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-14.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-14.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;162
640&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&apos; DEFICIT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accounts payable &amp;#150; related party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-3.55pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-10.5pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;34
204&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:17.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-15.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;34
204&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stockholders&apos; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:12.6pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-4.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Common stock&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;146
560&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-1.9pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-48.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-1.9pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Stockholders&apos; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-26.6pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-26.6pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;128
436&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholders&apos; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-3.55pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-25.95pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-25.95pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;162
640&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Summary revenue information on the joint venture for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;210&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:157.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;102&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:76.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;102&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:76.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating Expenses:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;General administrative&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;14
525&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Rent - related party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3
600&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:.5in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;18
125&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company Share of Net Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(10


 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.35pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.3pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:81.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Current Assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accounts Receivable &amp;#150; Related Party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-3.55pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;33
704&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:17.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-13.5pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;33
704&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:50.0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Web Development Costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;128
936&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-3.55pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-14.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-14.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;162
640&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&apos; DEFICIT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accounts payable &amp;#150; related party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-3.55pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-10.5pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;34
204&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:17.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-15.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;34
204&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stockholders&apos; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:12.6pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:-4.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Common stock&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;146
560&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:8.1pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-1.9pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-48.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-1.9pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Stockholders&apos; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-26.6pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-26.6pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;128
436&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;347&quot; style=&apos;width:260.55pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholders&apos; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:-3.55pt;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-25.95pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.15pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.8pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.55pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-25.95pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;162

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;102&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:76.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating Expenses:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;General administrative&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;14
525&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Rent - related party&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3
600&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-indent:.5in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;18
125&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(18
125)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;354&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:265.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company Share of Net Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;92&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:11.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;9&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(10

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company did not capitalize any costs incurred towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &amp;#147;yellow pages.&amp;#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $8
941 and $25
184 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company amortizes web development costs over their related useful lives (approximately 1 to 5 years)
 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $72
366 and $72
366during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&amp;#160; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amortization Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;311
912&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;311
912&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: recapture of costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(207
315)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(134
949)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;104
597&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;176


 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amortization Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Web development costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;311
912&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;311
912&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: recapture of costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(207
315)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(134
949)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;104
597&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;176

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
438&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
438&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
438&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
438&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(12
438)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(9
763)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2


 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
438&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
438&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
438&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
438&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(12
438)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(9
763)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2017
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $878
400 which consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Party Name:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Relationship:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;355
500&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;112
955&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;John Venners&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;233
466&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;John Venners&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Advances&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Former parent company
 significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Rent&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;166
976&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;John Lemak&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;6
503&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;878


500&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Howard Baer&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Spouse of significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;112
955&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;John Venners&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Consulting fees&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;233
466&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;John Venners&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Advances&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Kuboo
 Inc.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Former parent company
 significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Rent&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;166
976&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;John Lemak&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Significant shareholder&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;6
503&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;110&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:82.65pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;282&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:211.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:94.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.2in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.8in;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;878

	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &amp;#147;Park&amp;#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward. &amp;nbsp;Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &amp;#147;event of default&amp;#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
 equity or otherwise.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On September 30
 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral. &amp;nbsp;Repayment terms remain the same
 and Park has to date not enforced the provision requiring repayment upon receipt of net proceeds from capital raising transactions.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum.&amp;#160; At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued interest under this note of $112
955.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 Park advanced an aggregate of $62
750 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $43
550 of its secured debt to Park and recaptured $141
510 worth of payroll expenses for Park&amp;#146;s use of Company personnel.&amp;#160; Amounts recaptured for the use of Company personnel have been treated as repayments on the Company&amp;#146;s Statements of Cash Flows. &amp;nbsp; At December 31
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
292
357 which is secured by the assets of the Company. &amp;nbsp;Because this debt is payable on demand
 the company has classified it as a current liability.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#146;s balance for these advances for the year ended December 31
 2017:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount due - December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
414
667&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Advances received from Park&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;62
750&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Recapture of Company expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(141
510)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Repayments made to Park&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(43
550)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance due &amp;#150; December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
292
357&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-1.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue (see Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-1.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&amp;#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid. &amp;nbsp;The Company subsequently recaptured all previously recorded interest expense related to the note.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Between December 1
 2016 and March 16
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $101
299 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $102
465 consisting of $101
000 in principal and $1
465 in accrued interest for the previous notes. The $299 forgiven as part of the note restructure was recorded as a gain on extinguishment of debt. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and is unsecured.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Between December 15
 2016 and January 13
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $41
550 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $42
374 consisting of $41
550 in principal and $824 in accrued interest for the previous notes. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and is unsecured.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On April 1
 2017
 the company renegotiated a $65
000 note to Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 with interest tied to the performance of its joint venture agreement into a new $71
097 note. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and is unsecured. At the time of the refinance
 the joint venture had not produced positive income
 so no interest was due on the note. The $6
097 consideration given on the new note was recorded as a loss on extinguishment of debt.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Between May 1
 2017 and June 29
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $140
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $140
000 to restructure the previous notes. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018 as amended
 and is secured by certain domain names and websites owned by the Company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-1.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Between August 1
 2017 and September 28
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $182
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which several notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes are non-interest bearing
 mature on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and secured by certain of the company&amp;#146;s domain name and websites.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Between October 1
 2017 and December 22
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $170
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which several notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes are non-interest bearing
 mature on June 30
 2018
 as amended


 &amp;#147;Park&amp;#148;) a non-interest bearing

	
	
	
	

 including all internet domain names



	
	
	

 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
414
667&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Advances received from Park&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;62
750&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Recapture of Company expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(141
510)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Repayments made to Park&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(43
550)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;504&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance due &amp;#150; December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;73&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:54.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
292

	
	
	
	
	
	

000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7

	
	

000 of which was payable upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400

	


	

000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014

	
	


	
	


	


	
	
	


	
	


	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	

 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900. &amp;nbsp;The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually. &amp;nbsp;In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898. &amp;nbsp;The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2017
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $40
126 is in default.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On August 10
 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each). The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually and has a security interest over the domain www.jointlovers.com. &amp;nbsp;As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918. &amp;nbsp;The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). As of December 31
 2017
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $51
025 is in default.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Convertible Notes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On February 29
 2016
 in conjunction with its joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &amp;#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the Company entered an agreement to issue three $50
000
 one-year convertible notes. These notes are convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock at a price of $0.20 per share or a total of 250
000 shares each
 of which only two were issued for a total of $100
000. Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&amp;#146;s joint venture company&amp;#146;s net revenues
 up to fifty percent of the original face value This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. Concurrent with this agreement
 the Company issued the first of these convertible notes. On April 8
 2016
 the Company issued the second of these convertible notes.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On July 17
 2017
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Tumbleweed wherein it was agreed that Tumbleweed would convert its notes into common stock at the rate of $0.10 per share. The Company recognized a gain on settlement from the conversions of $29
600 based on the stock price of $0.0704 on July 17
 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#146;s notes and convertible notes payable for the year ended December 31
 2017:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;79&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:59.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:61.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convertible Notes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance &amp;#150; December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;196
433&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Note proceeds received&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Settlement of note&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(116
533)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Repayments on notes&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance &amp;#150;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;border-top:solid black 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;border-top:solid black 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;79

	


	
	

000 (two installments of $22

	
	

000

	
	

 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;196
433&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Note proceeds received&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Settlement of note&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(116
533)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(100
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Repayments on notes&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:12.0pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;10&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:7.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;222&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:166.5pt;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance &amp;#150;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.25pt;border-top:solid black 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;72&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:.75in;border-top:solid black 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:.75pt .75pt .75pt .75pt;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;79

	
	
	
	
	
	

 2016
 the Company issued 75
000 shares of common stock as settlement of a contract obligation to a vendor valued at $7
500.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On January 20
 2017
 the Company issued 400
000 previously accrued shares of the Company&amp;#146;s commons stock as settlement of its lawsuit with Lee Ori.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On April 10
 2017
 we sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.025
 for gross proceeds of $25
000
 to an &amp;#147;accredited investor&amp;#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Between June 5
 2017 and June 29
 2017
 the Company issued a total of 1
631
660 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock as settlement for an aggregate $163
166 in payables to an &amp;#147;accredited investor&amp;#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The Company recognized an aggregate gain of $76
617 on these settlements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On July 17
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
850
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock in connection with the settlement of its lawsuit with Tumbleweed Holdings resulting in a net loss on settlement of $30
750. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On December 21
 2017
 the Company issued 3
000
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $300
000 or $0.10 per share
 as payment in for a consulting contract.&amp;#160; The Company recorded this issuance as a prepaid expense to be amortized over the contract&amp;#146;s twelve month term.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On December 22
 2017
 we sold 300
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.05
 for gross proceeds of $15
000
 to an &amp;#147;accredited investor&amp;#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2016
 we sold $150
000 of convertible notes and warrants to purchase 4.9% of our issued and outstanding stock
 in connection with our Joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 as disclosed in our Form 8-K Current Report filed with the SEC on March 2
 2016. The warrant to purchase Company common stock has an exercise price of $0.08 per share
 a three-year term and a cashless exercise right.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On February 29
 2016
 in conjunction with the Company&amp;#146;s joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &amp;#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the company agreed to issue a warrant to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. These warrants were valued at $475
751 using the Black-Scholes pricing model
 were fully vested upon issuance and have a cashless exercise provision.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On March 31
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $33
236 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On June 30
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $29
720 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On September 30
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $39
638 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and were fully vested upon issuance. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On October 16
 2017
 the Company issued Sandor Capital
 a significant shareholder and related party
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1
130
285 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share for a term of three years and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years. These warrants were valued at $480
195 using the black &amp;#150;Scholes binary model and we fully vested upon issue.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company has applied fair value accounting for all warrants issued. The fair value of each warrant granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value at the commitment date for the above warrants were based upon the following management assumptions:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;234&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:175.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;128&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:96.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Commitment&amp;nbsp;Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;234&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:175.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:4.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;234&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:175.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:4.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;196.57%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;234&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:175.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected term:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:4.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;234&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:175.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Risk free interest rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:4.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;122&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:91.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1.68%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;A summary of the Company&amp;#146;s warrant activity for the year ended December 31
 2017 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;nbsp;of&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:79.7pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;nbsp;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&amp;nbsp;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;10
130
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercised/settled&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(6
239
603)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(10
291
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Balance as December 31
 2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s outstanding warrants at December 31
 2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;429&quot; colspan=&quot;11&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:321.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&amp;nbsp;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;281&quot; colspan=&quot;8&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:210.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&amp;nbsp;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;104&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:78.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt; &lt;b&gt;Exercise&amp;nbsp;Price Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;89&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:66.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;114&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:85.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;nbsp;Average Remaining Contractual&amp;nbsp;Life&amp;nbsp;(in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;107&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:80.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;nbsp;Average Exercise&amp;nbsp;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;89&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:66.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;91&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:68.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise&amp;nbsp;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;91&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:68.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&amp;nbsp;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$0.05 - $0.25&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:79.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2.54&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:4.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;85&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.75pt;border:none;border-right:solid #DFDFDF 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;117
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;97&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;83&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;85&quot; style=&apos;border:none&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The weighted average fair value per warrant issued during the year ended December 31

	


	

525

	

 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375

	

 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375

	

 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375

	

 a significant shareholder and related party
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1
130

	
	
	
	
	

 2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;10
130
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercised/settled&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(6
239
603)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.10&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(10
291
000)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;14&quot; style=&apos;width:10.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.45pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;87&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:65.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;213&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:159.75pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Balance as December 31
 2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;12&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:9.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:69.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:white;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:79.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2.54&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;8&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:74.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;7&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:5.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.06&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:4.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;85&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:63.75pt;border:none;border-right:solid #DFDFDF 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;117

	
	
	
	
	
	

 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Since the Company reflected a net loss for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
 would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 a separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company has the following common stock equivalents at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Warrants (exercise price $0.05 - $0.25/share)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Convertible debt (exercise price $0.20/share)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;18
255


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Warrants (exercise price $0.05 - $0.25/share)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;17
755
603&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Convertible debt (exercise price $0.20/share)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;500
000&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;288&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:3.0in;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11
355
285&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:14.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;77&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:57.75pt;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;18
255

	
	
	
	
	
	

 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement that requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&amp;#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
000 (see Note 15 - Related Party Transactions).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
000 in gross revenue.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&amp;#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In May 2017
 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile
 LLC. On August 8
 2017
 the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the company will acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80




000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7






 2017 and 2016
&amp;nbsp;the Company had net operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $6
259
106 and $5
633
041
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. &amp;nbsp;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
 2011 and 2010.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The deferred tax asset at December 31
 2017 and 2016 is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;460&quot; style=&apos;width:345.1pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Tax Footnote&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;width:71.6pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;width:73.6pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Cumulative NOL&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(6
295
106)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(5
633
041)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Deferred Tax assets:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-15.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(8
982
765)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(8
473
442)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5
512
650&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5
312
555&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;415
621&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;415
621&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;124
065&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;93
322&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Impairment expense&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Unrealized losses on investment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;206
399&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;199
287&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
579
177&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
307
744&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company has taken a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately $2
579
177 and $2
307
744 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &amp;nbsp;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $271
000is primarily attributable to the Company&amp;#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
 2017.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;475&quot; style=&apos;width:356.6pt;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;width:1.0in;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;99&quot; style=&apos;width:74.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Book income (loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-12.0pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(509
323)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(804
932)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;200
095&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;42
031&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;30
743&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;31
345&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Unrealized losses on investment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;7
112&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;199
287&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;271
375&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;532


295
106)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(5
633
041)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Deferred Tax assets:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(34% Federal
 7% Avg. Corp. Rate)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:-15.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(8
982
765)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(8
473
442)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5
512
650&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;5
312
555&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;415
621&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;415
621&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;124
065&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;93
322&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Impairment expense&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;144
913&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Unrealized losses on investment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;206
399&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;199
287&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; style=&apos;width:170.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;18&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:13.8pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
579
177&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.3pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
307

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

323)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(804
932)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for services&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;200
095&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;42
031&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Stock/options issued for release&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;30
743&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;31
345&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Unrealized losses on investment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;7
112&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;199
287&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=&apos;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;240&quot; style=&apos;width:180.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;271
375&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:15.2pt;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:white;padding:0;height:.1in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;532

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Arizona where we rented space from Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of a significant shareholder until July 2017. We previously rented space form Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former parent company. During the year ended December 31
 2017 we incurred related party rent expense of $69
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 advanced an aggregate of $62
750 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $43
550 of its secured debt to Park and recaptured $141
510 worth of payroll expenses for Park&amp;#146;s use of Company personnel.&amp;#160; Amounts recaptured for the use of Company personnel have been treated as repayments on the Company&amp;#146;s Statements of Cash Flows. &amp;nbsp; At December 31
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
292
357 which is secured by the assets of the Company. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. The remaining principal is non-interest bearing. &amp;nbsp;At December 31
 2017
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $112
955.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $572
299 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder and John Lemak
 its affiliate
 for which notes were issued. The notes
 as extended
 mature June 30
 2018 with some being secured and others unsecured. At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued interest of $6

	

 a significant shareholder
 advanced an aggregate of $62



	

299 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder and John Lemak
 its affiliate


 there were no additional reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Capital Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Since December 31
 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company of $70
500
 have received repayments of $7
000 leaving a balance due of $1
355
857 at April 2
 2018. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including all of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. Of the $52
000 advanced in 2018
 the $50
000 advanced on March 29
 2018 is secured by the company&amp;#146;s interest in Crush Mobile
 bears interest at 8% &amp;#160;and is payable on June 30
 2018.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Since December 31
 2017
 John S. Lemak
 a significant shareholder
 has made additional advances to the Company of $65
000 leaving a balance due of $772
936 at April 2
 2018. These advances generally bear interest at the rate of 8% and are secured by certain Company assets
 including certain of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. Of the $65
000 advanced in 2018
 the $25
000 advanced on March 29
 2018 is secured by the company&amp;#146;s interest in Crush Mobile (pari passu with Park/Baer)
 bears interest at 8% and is payable on June 30
 2018.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Notes Payable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On January 10
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 for a purchase price of $90
000. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Equity Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On January 10
 2018
 the Company issued 106
500 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s commons stock to a vendor as settlement of a payable balance of $5
219.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On January 8
 2018
 the Company issued 300
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s commons stock valued at $23
400 as a commitment fee to a prospective investor.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On January 8
 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate 7
904
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock in connection with the closing of the Crush Mobile acquisition described below.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As of January 8
 2018
 the Company owed 500
000 shares of the Companys common stock to Tumbleweed Holdings pursuant to their prior settlement agreement.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On February 16
 2018
 the Company issued 500
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock pursuant to a consulting contract.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Business Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:8.0pt;margin-left:0in;line-height:107%;margin-bottom:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In May 2017
 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile. On August 8
 2017
 the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC
 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 dated January 4
 2018 (as amended
 the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;). As reported in the Company&amp;#146;s form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10
 2018
 the Crush acquisition was closed January 8
 2018. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the company acquired all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash
 payable within one year of closing. The Company also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. Effective February 1
 2018
 the company has engaged Crush Mobile&amp;nbsp;current CEO
 Sonya Kreizman
 and Yosi Shemesh
 as consultants. Ms. Kreizman and Mr. Shemesh will be paid $7
000 and $6
500 per month


 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer


 a significant shareholder

	


	


	

000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s commons stock valued at $23

	

904

	


	


	

 Sonya Kreizman
 and Yosi Shemesh



			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			



		


		


		




				


				
















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.ncap.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt








		




		






		




		




		




		
		







 Web Development Costs



		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		






		






		




		





 Options
 Grants in Period



		


		


		








		




		



 Plant and Equipment






 General and Administrative Expense








 Total Current Liabilities



		




		


		


		


		










		


		
		


		


		


		






		




		




		







 2014



		


		







 Net Income (Loss)







		


		
		


		


		
		






		


		
		


		






		






		


		




		
		


		
		



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



		


		








		




		









 Total Assets



		




		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant







		






		




		
		




		
		



 Options
 Grants in Period







		









 Total Stockholders&apos; Equity



		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		




		





 Options




 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price

		


		




		




		







 capitalized costs






 Accounts Receivable - Related Party



		





 Plant and Equipment



		
		


		


		



 Shares



		


		


		




		


		


		








		


		








		







 Common stock



		




		




		




		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		




		









 Net



		


		









 Total Liabilities and Stockholders&apos; Equity



		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		




		





 Options
 Forfeitures in Period




 Options



		


		
		




		




		







 Inc.



		









 Revenues



		




		


		




		


		


		










		
		


		


		



 net $12
438 and $9



		




		
		




		




		




		





 Options
 Outstanding
 Number


 Options
 Outstanding
 Number


 Options
 Outstanding
 Number

		


		






		













 Total Operating Expense



		




		


		


		
		


		






		


		


		










		


		




		
		



 Options
 Expirations in Period




 Options



		




		


		











 Balance Due



		





 accumulated depreciation








 Total Current Assets



		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		






		




		


		








		




		







 Additional paid-in capital



		




		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		










		


		


		


		
		


		






		


		




		


		







 Amortization Period








 Income (Loss) from Operations



		


		


		




		


		


		


		


		


		


		






		
		



 Shares



		


		






		














		








		




		







 Rent - Related Party






 Accounts payable - related party



		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		



 net $207
315 and $189







		


		


		








		
		







 2014



		


		









 Interest Rate



		


		




		





 Plant and Equipment







		




		


		
		










		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		






		


		








		




		






		




		








		







 net cost



		


		
		


		






		


		


		


		


		


		






		


		
		





 Options
 Exercises in Period



		




		







 Accumulated deficit







		


		


		
		


		






		


		















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.ncap.com/20171231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				































































































































begin 644 f10k123117_10k1.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44



M_P!KK_@NE\+/V=+ZZT?01-XV\06Y*/'9

MXHO9/[#TWPGX?M2?W8CLGFD ]S([#/T%? H.[KU[YHR/;VKY.OG&)J.Z?*O(
M_K7(O!WAG+J:52C[:?64]?\ R7X5]WS9]DP?\%W?VB(9]Y\1Z3(/[K:7%C^5
M=[\._P#@XP^





M_H


*X5U#4[C:/,*
MMDQ1YQG:JMG'JQKZT Q7T.6Y33A34ZJO)]^A_._B5XM9EC,?4P.4U72H4VXW
MB[.;6C;:UM?9+IJSP]O^;?P-?3OLI^&?A?R0

P Y/O7!3RF%+$*M2=
MEV_R/O

MOCOX8?\ *6CQI_V!%_E#7V)7QW\
/^4M'C3_ + B_P H:: ^Q****0!1110
*+Z2\U35)3(V2=D([(@).U1T KC]VV@C::_0_P#X(R_\$K8_VB=2A^)?
MCRSD_P$/T^4'3;.1<+JTJX^9@1S$/U/'8U\90H5



%!VV;3;NK[7OMKZ
MA11178?&A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%






MKW




_A0!Z)114-]

*&21V/RJH&23]!0!-17G_@G]J7X?_$?Q1'HNA^*M+U+5)=VR



[Z#G_KXH ]
HK\)?$WP_P/8/
T76=-U11R?LUPLA'U .16XK;A0 M%

9 I^H


MC#'H

59(V^C*<5=W?+G\:T
M/.DFG9BT5X_KW[?OP:\+ZU<Z=J/Q$\,V=]9N8YH9+G#1L.H(QUK4\%?MD?S
MXBW2P:+X^\*W\S'QKJ$:LQ] &(S^%9^VIMV4E]YZ,LES

M/3**CBN5F567YE;D
#P14E:'FA1110 4444 %%%% '\\?_!8GX(7'P4_;W\:
M+Y)BT_Q!.FJV;8PLBRQH[X^DC


MI&S$]  *FKSW]K+QE_PK[]F7Q]K&[RVT_0+V6
^CB!]O\ X]BIE+EBV=&%

M!^&5B$
NGZ3$;@8Q^^?]Y)G_ (&S5ZY4=NHC7:HVJHP![5)7Z-3BHQ45T/\

MU+X.^ =/\

M):DX9K6:UE5#V!5H\C_/I51W$]BO^RC_ 
$KI?C5X#M?%7C#6KO3XM70S06L
M*YF93T9V;.
^F


HDXKY+_ .P_CE?#W[
]GI:

MG^UY)X@6\UFXTC^QEB*^5)/,WYZY(]*_1_]M7_DU3QU_P!@F;^5?*/_  1)
M_P/WQU_N6W\VHB[(H\T^.'[&WQ(_8/N(_%GA?7[F^TFWD#275F6B:''/[V/

 [^X_8X_X*(W6@+(RZ:^J2Z2VX_?MG


57H?\ P2$_Y-4;
1J,<@ X;&23@YQVKW'_@F=^W5??'*7P?XJF\_Q!91&6VNV^]?1CJ&_P!I
M17V'
@DB96 8






_H?&W_!QF






M#A^'GBZ^9?!?B2X6*UED;Y=

L-6,,BNI*LI!!!P01SQ7QN'KSP]13CNOZL?V
M?G^1X'/\LE@L1:5.HKIKH]XR3\NGEZG]6]E<1W=LDL3*\<BAD93D,#R*EK\
MU?\ @B'_ 






M*7V \(?MXZ??Q#:]U#8WY([L)G7/_D
?E7ZC-R*_
/\ X*U2+/\ MF:$B\LN
)[IN3<:*LI/NVPU\R_\ !$[_ %'C





M]H?M/C'[//C#_L%R_P J_+K]BO\ ;*;]D#6M:O%T/^VO[8@6';]I\GR]K9S]


M:
<5K

M?]AJT_\ 0C47_!O1_P F*3_]A^Y_] CJ7_@X*_Y



!U]*XZ=:M3





MU]K.K77EW;H76+9&SG@$'D+CK7L_Q;_X('?&7X66']NZ3J&A^.?[._TA[3+1

\/9GC\%+.
?[&7L::4+
M6YE=Z\[T5W=:]BU^SQ\
_$W_  5P_PD-W\2=0TJZL?!&FWJ7$DSQD1I#

MELV:VM?[/MA:VEU(@.Y'CQ\DGRGDDACZ5^D41SFO6RJ

M8K'O




M_P#I#_\ ;?N['P/X4\5:AX'\2V6KZ3=2V6H:?






/5']K^)'_)
8[_ *]R/W1HHHK] /\
?_:&)_G?WGZ)_P 0^X9Z8&E_XC[=TS_ (+W_M 76IV\37_AS;)*

# W


%BO&-AXK^/&A:/821W%]IV





M 

ES^R9XWDC;=')H\KJ1W!7(KY3_P)3XN_'1_V+?^

D\N..


ZG$U]*P=L9_NJYR.VX41TU)/M#]K^T%A^R5XP@7[L.E;%^@*BO
MEW_@B=_J/&WUB_I7U1^V?_R:QXV_[!K?^A+7RK_P1.;]QXU^L7]*?V0ZGWT.

M3_DU1O\ L+W'_H$5?5%?*_\ P2%;;^RDQ_ZC$_\ Z!%7U/NXHEN
X/\ :C_Y
M-W\8_P#8

EU+3K+4%BLHF07$*R;#YG;(.*^XOVHF
QPL.JP4H#GRF
MZ

=K+Y@_&/?QZXKPO_@C7





M_P#V'[G_ - CJ7_@X*_Y
%N/^PU:?^A&HO\ @WH_Y

JJ+'))Q_ *,!_O=?U7Z
MAX@?\DCD7^&?_MI\+?\ !Q/\&-,\3_LK:1XN:-=8\/ZK';1S8^9H9%D+)^:
ZNUJXD6V9 ZI2#]X[B2/<5]7_ /!&7X$7WP&_




M=&T@MN_LNP@M

I5
/P[DV%QO^\1A*Z?Q*



M]OFSVK]U+699H%=6#*PR#GJ*_E(CF:WFCDC9DDC8

M/_#6?[*&G+J



/\ E+1XT_[ B_RA


-R!_UR=9#^BFN;&1O0FO)_D?2


K8B#\U^9_=_'&'=;A[&T

MW XK+_X4EX._Z%;P_P#^ $7_ 

M/2OY[/\ @M-_RD:\??\ 72#_ -$I7AY]%*@K=_T9^[^ &(JSS^LIR;7LGNV_




M6+7#XDT==(GD





M-;6&=NWW37Q'_P %+?V./&7QM^*N@^(O!NEK?20VGE7)\P(5=&RAY]OY5]@:
M9\2=!UF^L;6UU:QN+C5+?[7:1QS*S7$.
^8HSRN.XXK%?]I'P%'J7V-O%V@+








M:Q-XW\#SPZ'XZV@7

MJLEC_KUMKA9#$/4X/3@\].*;H7QD\*^)_%$VBZ=K^E7VK6X)DM8+E))%QUX!





5^P^K?'[P7H-K:S7WBC1+






M%2QN/J.=26[?Y);)+HEH%%%%:'EA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 UX]Y[U^1/\


BS


MW\
/^4M'C3_L+_*&F@/L2BBBD 5QW[0W@[_ (6%\/&6A[?

M!U'ZD5V-
G&Y
8SFIE&ZLS;#UI4JL:L=XM-?)W/Y4O$FDMH/B/4+%AM:RN9(
M/0JQ7^E=;^S)X_/PI_:\'^(E8J=*U2&?/_  (#^M=E_P %%?A+)\%/VS_B
M!HK1&&#^U9KFVX^]%(Q(8?7FO%HIVMI5D7AHR&!]QS7YU*+IU+=G^1_I%A:M
M+
LMC46L:L%]TH_\$_JTL;E+RW2:-EDCD4
K#HP/0U-7BW_!/+XN1_&_]C7X
M?^(1
)I[C28X+ELY/FQ9B?/U9?QKVFOT2G-3BI+JC_./,,'/8JIA:GQ4Y.

DYT'_L'P?^


MP\TVX




M.W&&/&.*.@'$? K]G3P[\9_AW\2IKNQCCUV+7+QK+4HOEN;612Q4JW7@@5[G


M'OP6\




MUM'!-.29)X LX1F)]17J7_!1\8^!]@?^HQ9_^CDKS2Q^*-W\5O!7P0O+Z*&.
M\TWQ_!IDK1)MCE


8E#L.AVC KZ&\'^#=+\!Z(FFZ/8V
M^G6




W4Y9J@_PCVGO=_L^V=TG
M^ITK7K&^F(_AC1FR?IR*ZO\ :KM_^$[_ &2/%)LOWGVS21





M@2.3D=J[']B[4TUG_@G_ .)+Q/N73ZM*OT.X_P!:]._8KM(]0_9&\%6\T:R0

1U((


I_KE^HK

MK-V[G^EN7*4

M_-^#]+T_P#Y\;:. ?\  5 K8K]'CLC_ #7Q,HRK2E':[_,****HQOCOX8?

M_P# -_#_ 




/

M_PAOZE_AG_ 
DYT'_L'P?^BUKDX=WG\OU/J_I&_!@/6I_[8;E%%%?4'\NA

3:;





M[UW'PH\


ML31H
_.S 99SQDGNHJO\%/V:_&'PRU-=+U/QS-KW@FU@EMH-
N+9?-:-U*A7




WF6TO3AD/;@=
M5\GA
^G'W:ZOY]3^M.+/ /!XEO$9'4]E)_8E=P^3WC_Y

M_P#!:C_@H)IG[-/P




MI:CQ\HBB!;:3GC=C%?.
%K)?7


;S33












WEU9
MQSKYM]

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OCOX8?\
MI:/&G_8$7^4-?8E?'?PP/_&VCQI_V!%_E#30'V)1112 **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KR[P_^RQI
M/AW]I35OB;%J%\^JZM:SDM6V^0B_+R.,Y^4=Z]1HH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

#
M P8$! 

# P8# P8

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

8KQU_VG]5
:EKT\4,4D,!\F,
MR %<MTS@YH ]PS1FL?Q1XB;PUX9O-2%M-?SB:40P+NDDQ_H]:^=)/^E4.

* /<LT9KP_P#9B_;0L_VEO$^NZ3!X;UW0[SP\42Z2_AV;
M789V_4#^=;W[0'[1<WP0M[!;?POK_B:\U D1P:9!YFP#J6/:@#U+-&<UXW\
M_P!L+0?C/X4US4&M[W0[OPWG^U++4(_*FLR!D@CN
#K7



M

-PBW
M'YI



?!;]FO36
MC
;66LV$+@\%=L:T- ?9Z1XB7!'0?C7SA^TQ(?B%^U5\+/!N?
@LIY=?O%/8


N/?WKL?VI[:RM?V(_A[?:;);K
M'I-UIEQ:R(0-NHROOCTKW;X
_
M#%=-NX[[1_$WBJQ3?&V4GCW9(/XCH:^A/$'AG2[GPA=1ZE:VLUO]B:.=IHP3
MLG/)K\__##2V'[


?BW]HSX.:3;MYLRZFV



MLE^%;_X$1_#V\MY+K0X(PD7F/F6$CD


MDUR)8+C4+I%3$2@@(JKP!@\XZFN_^(_Q9\/?31/[1\1:K::9:[MBM*W+GT
M')_G^ _BCH/Q


?ZQDX


 5ROQ _X)VMXVT#




ML0=**** @G HH;D4 ?
/[1=A:Z_P#MG_#JQU]8I?#ZVMQ)!'
O[I[O(VYS







XQ_=U],6YRH]@* )**** 

8_NCIBJY@/FV\_8GFM/
M@1X5\/Z3J4%EXC\


MO

M.M4?V/O@CJ'P3^%][::V8I-:U;4+C4+TQ-O7=(YP 3_L@5[
L2J#\H]:#$K_
P'\JP?C[\%OC+X
MO^*O@7Q)IECX:UQ/M@KR6]]<^7$UXR;7D ]CTKZ]
2L.5%-
&5L<AVSD<UR7P^^$/Q^*_QLTOQE\2
M8]'TVU\-1
-
TVPF



@DR/8$8^@KZ5\A1_*!$N?NT ?,'PN^!GQ'\=_&/P]X
MC^)Z3:V/@NV-O86]HYD^US=//;/0X'ZU].6R
Q/)..:D6,*,8IP&* BBB

T %%&:
T %%&:
T %%&:

M1F@ HHHS0 449HH **
T9H **
T9H **
T9H **** BBC- !11FC- !11FB
M@ HHS1F@ HHSQ1F@ HHS1F@ HHHS0 449HS0 449HH **** BBB@ HHHH *







[+DX X%?'.




WQ2A\4+&/$WAN*:SO&C0(']#CMTKRGX8






&UU:58X[V2T_<*&. Y./N
MUXG^SWX)7X5_LV?'C1[5))&T^22(X)+N_D#<?4\DFO;OV0OVK?A_XF\%^%?
M-GK$







M^DM+UV#6]*AO+62.:WN462*16W*ZD9!%?+?[)^B:3K__  3T:'5(HY+.2VOO





M8I=YW;AMVGDD5\3_ +/WQMO_ (
?L$^'UT6&*X\1:YKEYIVG1RC*F5[N4;B.




A:%\8]<M?VT;KP;?W4<VAZCH:II:F
*R2!@KKNQEOO









L9BS.&SU_A%(#ZRLM
M16_A6:(AXW0





M@.Y].:\9_8Z^+NB?&/X+Z6;.&&WU318$LK[3W4;[.:


=M-IZSR7$F.0S'MVH ]!^
'Q:M/@[X!U#Q%J$
L


MX)NC;X#\;_W?^$NOL=\_/0!]'27BKU!QUSTKG?BU\4['X2?#C5O$U_#-)9:/
M 9Y50?










;G3()


M1G^M 'T5K6NP:!I
]]=2)#;6JM)*[GA5 R37B7@;_@H/X2\9^+['3VL-:TZQ


M=&T2XOK@K';VL1FD9OX5 R:\:T;]OGP?JOP)O_B$T=]%H=C?26 41EY9Y%(
MV@=CFHOVWO%%X_PYTWP=I4C+J_C2Y%@I0_



YXI ?2



M%S\(_P!L#QG96:NL?Q&TNWMOE'4MM0_JIKSW4O#=QX+^+&G_  =5)%M[[Q-I




+RT

?C-XO\ VU_VKM%\%^$_%%WX/\/#


'_/N+=LG?^E5<#R?X.:OI\7_!&[5/
DMPW]EW




MVG



VD0$!V 9EV CCZ8KYU_P?MS_ &7^VY\:
MK.] 74+B[62-6P&
8SG&?J*]*^
'[$GB3QA\:/!6M^'_ !5)HOA_PK;6]L^F

MD#C?']Q_9?\ P6

M;Y6R.

N5Y(VYXKN_AS^S=KG

M_#[^;86


ML


M4K:'$:






M?XUL=2U^]\231^U9;JYK*$W@A3M ''K[UZ%_P3T@5?V0]BMA?M-\#SW
C5
M9^&'[(.O^$OCGKGC36/$0U:ZU[01IDV4V[)025'91C%=O\ LU_ NZ^?P6_
MX1FZNH[J;S;B82J.
R
3S]
-OBUX0\1^+O&FBZA#X3NFG6ST[R'FW*0<MO/;

\J
ON-U7?@O\%?BIX1\4

M%E/8C_GI*\BPR8_XY/'I7T!\;OV2[/XJ_!;0='L;B32=?\ L

MN_[
U-5^[


M^V!K4?P:^(OPS^(DGRV]BLNDW39_ADA++G\4J+Q%^PMX_P#'?P^TWP[KWCB&

M



?*WH:5P/$/V/_AO\5O&?[
W
&KJ^749
M]



*TDG][;T%0!XO\ MZ_ OPSX

3-X


M(#D1L?3M4G[3W['?BSXD^(O!-UX

F


M7PQ-:OR.& =

MD60H

-*0W+'_ &C7JWC7




M_93^
7PBU36H_#/B[0;?1M6U:74FMYK8L_[QLD9J0-#QMJ7BS]H7]J77/!ND


%+Y%/P&T\?=_XG



M(

]U)_2N1^&W[%


MV-]R8T4


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HQ110 FREVT44 &W
MFDVTM% %

Z/9W&1^]BM%##'O7:



MQCTZU/MI:* #%-V#-.HH -N*0KFEHH -M&WBBB@ Q2;*6B@ (S4-Q'N7'-34
M8H S8-&@&I?:OL\:W+(%:0H-Y'N:NJ-OKW-2T4 (%Q04S2T4 -V4[;110 F
MVEQ110 W92[!2T4 (4S2XHHH  ,48HHH N:3;Q2T4 8GB#PCIWBGR1J5C;W

M7;110 FVEVT44 %&

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
/BBB@ HHHH **** /__9
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 02
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017















 INC.



























  2017


































828
741













466
510


































































Entity Incorporation
 State Country Name








Entity Address
 Address Line One



 Ste 103





Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code


























Entity Listing
 Par Value Per Share












If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.






















































































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.




























Address Line 1 such as Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













405





781







000







393


405



Property and equipment
 net $12
438 and $9
763 depreciation



675



Web Development Costs
 net $207
315 and $189
223 amortization

597


963







361





990


404












800


805





400


997





000
293


542
217





900


900







000





178
393


767
919










Notes payable - related party
 net of current portion

000


000





578
393


167
919










Common Stock
 Value

018


837







000





638
874


552
058





926
295)


683
410)





166
403)


956
515)





990


404







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of asset recognized arising from contingent consideration in a business combination
 expected to be realized beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term
 uncollateralized debt obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Accumulated Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment

438


763



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization

315


223



Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share






Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued

018
241


836
581



Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding

018
241


836
581







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











100


680












744


116





000


000







594





713


815





000


400





327


327





215
784


300
252





195
684)


284
572)












798)







867







361)


751)







695)





909)


063)







000)





201)


509)





242
885)


965
081)












242
885)


965
081)





813
660


818
088











































Those fees charged for services related to holding
 advising
 and managing customer investment assets. These account fees usually charged annually or semi-annually
 on a per security basis
 for the costs of services.



















































































































For a debtor
 the aggregate gain (loss) recognized on the restructuring of payables arises from the difference between the book value of the debt before the restructuring and the fair value of the payments on the debt after restructuring is complete.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































The aggregate amount of income from investments (for example
 dividends) not considered a component of the entity's core operations.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Expenditures for salaries of officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Equity Balance
 Starting at Dec. 31
 2015

762


966
288


000


718
329)


577
279)



Shares Outstanding
 Starting at Dec. 31
 2015

761
581















425






500



Common stock issued for settlement of obligations
 shares

000















594






594



Warrants issued as compensation
 shares
















751






751



Warrants issued in conjunction with joint venture
 shares




















965
081)


965
081)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2016

836
581











Equity Balance
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2016

837


552
058


000


683
410)


956
515)





631


417






048



Common stock issued for settlement of obligations
 shares

631
660















199






199



Warrants issued as compensation
 shares
















600


000)









000













000


000






000



Common stock sold for cash
 shares

000
000















700






000



Common stock issued for stock subscription receivable
 shares

000













850


900






750



Common stock issued in conjunction with Tumbleweed settlement
 shares

850
000













000


000






000



Common stock issued in conjunction with consulting contracts
 shares

000
000



















242
885)


242
885)



Shares Outstanding
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2017

018
241











Equity Balance
 Ending at Dec. 31
 2017

018


638
874




926
295)


166
403)






























































































Value
 after forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.













































































































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











242
885)


965
081)












675


146





366


366





219









000







594





199







798







361


751







695





867)



































660


326)





692


055





782)


400)














056)







056)












000









000





049


600





060)


690)





989


910





793)


546)



Cash
 Beginning of Period

405


951



Cash
 End of Period



405

































000







000







398


500





000





































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.












































































































































































Gain (loss) related to the termination of a contract between the parties. The termination may be due to many causes including early termination of a lease by a lessee
 a breach of contract by one party
 or a failure to perform.




























This item represents the net total realized and unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings for the period as a result of selling or holding marketable securities categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 including the unrealized holding gain (loss) of held-to-maturity securities transferred to the trading security category and the cumulative unrealized gain (loss) which was included in other comprehensive income (a separate component of shareholders' equity) for available-for-sale securities transferred to trading securities during the period. Additionally
 this item would include any gains (losses) realized during the period from the sale of investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting.






















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the obligations due for goods and services provided by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries
 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.















































































































































Amount of cash paid for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.









































































































































































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.

























































Amount of cash outflow for the payment of debt classified as other
 maturing after one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Northsight Capital Inc. (&#147;Northsight&#148; or &#147;the Company&#148;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 21
 2008. In May
 2011
 Safe Communications
 Inc. (n/k/a Kuboo
 Inc.) acquired 80% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 and
 as a result
 became its parent company. On June 25
 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 7
500 cannabis related Internet domain names
 in exchange for which the Company issued 78.5 million shares of its common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000. As a result of this transaction
 the seller of the domain names became an 81% stockholder of the Company. Kuboo
 Inc. continues to be a significant stockholder of the Company.&#160; John Venners
 our EVP of Operations and a director
 is also a director of Kuboo
The Company&#146;s principal business is to provide a wide variety of online directories for a broad range of businesses engaged in the lawful sale and distribution of cannabis and hemp related products. The following constitute the Company&#146;s major product categories:&#160; a monthly listing in one or more of the Company&#146;s online directories
In May 2017
 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile. On August 8
 2017
 we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC
 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 dated January 4
 2018 (as amended
 the &#147;Agreement&#148;). As reported in our form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10
 2018
 the Crush acquisition was closed January 8
 2018. Accordingly
 Crush&#146;s operations are not included in the financial statements of the company as of December 31
 2017. Under the terms of the Agreement
 we acquired all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash
 payable within one year of closing. We also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. In connection with Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement
 the parties waived the condition that the Company complete a funding of at least $500
Crush Mobile&#146;s assets consist primarily of trademarks
 domain names
 mobile dating applications and related software and intellectual property. Crush Mobile
 with approximately nine hundred thousand members
 has developed&nbsp;a group of dating sites with a presence in the Latino
 Israeli and African American communities. Crush will also be incorporating Northsight&#146;s &quot;Joint Lovers&quot; dating app
 which concentrates on the Cannabis space
 into its dating applications suite.



































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include
 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
Share-based compensation awards
 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by our assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include
 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards
Accounts receivable represent obligations from customers that are subject to normal collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
Furniture
The Company&#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&#146;s investment. &nbsp;Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. &nbsp;Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&#146;s Statements of Operations. As of December 31
 2017
When the Company&#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. &nbsp;On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#146;s distributors
Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
The fair values of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &nbsp;In regards to legal costs
The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes 11
355
285 warrants as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
From time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date.&#160; If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements upon adoption













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company has accumulated losses of $21
926
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company raised aggregate gross proceeds of $635
049 in capital through the issuance of notes payable and $25
000 through the issuance of common stock.&#160; Management plans to (i) raise additional capital as soon as possible
In the event the Company does not generate sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of its common stock or from debt financing
 the Company will be unable to fully implement its business plan and pay its obligations as they become due
 any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on its business prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On February 29
 2016
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc. (&#147;TW&#148;)
 pursuant to which a newly formed joint venture company is developing an online dating service around the URL
On August 15
 2016
 the Company instituted a legal action in Arizona against
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 (&#147;TW&#148;). The complaint alleged that (i) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the remaining $15
000 due to the joint venture company by April 29
 2016
 (ii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund the last $50
000 convertible note due to the Company by April 29
 2016
 and (iii) TW breached the joint venture agreement by failing to fund their respective 40% of development expense in excess of the initial $100
000. The Company sought damages in the amount of $128
On September 22
 2016
 Tumbleweed Holdings Inc.
 instituted a counterclaim in Arizona in response to the above legal action. The complaint alleged that (i) The Company breached the joint venture agreement by failing to leverage relationships and failing to provide budgeting and accounting records
 (ii) the Company breached implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by enticing TW into making significant contributions and then failing to perform under the agreement
 (iii) the Company was unjustly enriched by having use of funds contributed by TW
 (iv) the Company converted funds contributed by TW into its own assets
On July 17
 2017
 the Company and Tumbleweed settled the litigation relating to the joint venture. As part of the settlement
 Tumbleweed converted its $100
000 convertible note and it&#146;s $85
000 joint venture investment into shares of company common stock at a rate of $.10 per share
 resulting in a net loss on settlement of $30
750. The warrants issuable to Tumbleweed and the company were cancelled. The parties released each other from all claims related to the joint venture. Following the settlement
 the Company wrote down its investment in the joint venture to zero
Summary balance sheet information on the joint venture for at December 31
December 31
December 31
33
33
128
162
34
34
146
(18
128
162
Summary revenue information on the joint venture for the years ended December 31
December 31
December 31
14
3
18
(18
(18
(10
695)













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







In accordance with ASC 350-50
 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company did not capitalize any costs incurred towards the development of various websites
 including a website on which third parties can advertise the sale and distribution of cannabis related products and services: an online &#147;yellow pages.&#148; The Company does not intend to engage in the sale or distribution of marijuana or related products. The Company recorded website development expenses of $8
941 and $25
184 which is included in general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
The Company amortizes web development costs over their related useful lives (approximately 1 to 5 years)
 using a straight-line basis. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques
 including market and income approaches as considered necessary. The Company recorded amortization of $72
366 and $72
366during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
As of December 31
As of December 31
311
311
(207
(134
104
176
963



































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
12
12
12
12
(12
(9
2
675



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







At December 31
 2017
 the Company had a balance in related party accounts payable and accrued expenses of $878
355
112
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
233
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
3
Kuboo
Former parent company
166
6
878
400








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On May 19
 2015
 the Company issued Kae Yong Park and her spouse Howard Baer (together
 &#147;Park&#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward. &nbsp;Unpaid principal under the note is due and payable upon the earlier of (i) an &#147;event of default&#148; (as defined)
 (ii) written demand and (iii) the Company&#146;s receipt of capital (to the extent of net proceeds received) from any capital raising transaction after May 15
 2015
 whether in the form of debt
On September 30
 2015
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note to Park to include all advances to date and provide certain assets
 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral. &nbsp;Repayment terms remain the same
On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum.&#160; At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued interest under this note of $112
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 Park advanced an aggregate of $62
750 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $43
550 of its secured debt to Park and recaptured $141
510 worth of payroll expenses for Park&#146;s use of Company personnel.&#160; Amounts recaptured for the use of Company personnel have been treated as repayments on the Company&#146;s Statements of Cash Flows. &nbsp; At December 31
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
292
357 which is secured by the assets of the Company. &nbsp;Because this debt is payable on demand
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s balance for these advances for the year ended December 31
Amount due - December 31
1
414
62
(141
(43
Balance due &#150; December 31
1
292
On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The note originally bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and the first $100
000 of which was payable upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
Between December 1
 2016 and March 16
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $101
299 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $102
465 consisting of $101
000 in principal and $1
465 in accrued interest for the previous notes. The $299 forgiven as part of the note restructure was recorded as a gain on extinguishment of debt. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
Between December 15
 2016 and January 13
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $41
550 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $42
374 consisting of $41
550 in principal and $824 in accrued interest for the previous notes. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
On April 1
 2017
 the company renegotiated a $65
000 note to Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 with interest tied to the performance of its joint venture agreement into a new $71
097 note. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and is unsecured. At the time of the refinance
 the joint venture had not produced positive income
 so no interest was due on the note. The $6
Between May 1
 2017 and June 29
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $140
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. On April 1
 2017
 the Company issued a note for $140
000 to restructure the previous notes. The note is non-interest bearing
 matures on June 30
 2018 as amended
Between August 1
 2017 and September 28
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $182
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which several notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes are non-interest bearing
 mature on June 30
 2018
 as amended
Between October 1
 2017 and December 22
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $170
000 from John Lemak
 an affiliate of Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder
 for which several notes were issued bearing 8% interest annually. The notes are non-interest bearing
 mature on June 30
 2018
 as amended
 and are secured by certain of the company&#146;s domain name and websites.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a seven (7) day loan agreement with two parties for aggregate proceeds of $34
900. &nbsp;The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually. &nbsp;In addition to the loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 349
000 shares of common stock valued at $26
016 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 100
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share valued at $6
898. &nbsp;The relative fair value of the shares and warrants associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2017
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $40
On August 10
 2015
 the Company entered into a one hundred twenty (120) day loan agreement with an existing investor for aggregate proceeds of $45
000 (two installments of $22
500 each). The note bears interest at the rate of six percent (6%) annually and has a security interest over the domain www.jointlovers.com. &nbsp;As additional consideration for these loans
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
200
000 shares of common stock valued at $38
918. &nbsp;The relative fair value of the shares associated with these notes have been recorded as debt discount to be amortized over the life of the loans). As of December 31
 2017
 these notes have not yet been repaid and principal and interest totaling $51
On February 29
 2016
 in conjunction with its joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the Company entered an agreement to issue three $50
000
 one-year convertible notes. These notes are convertible into shares of the Company&#146;s stock at a price of $0.20 per share or a total of 250
000 shares each
 of which only two were issued for a total of $100
000. Interest on the note is payable quarterly in an amount equal to a percentage of the Company&#146;s joint venture company&#146;s net revenues
 up to fifty percent of the original face value This interest will be payable only in the event that the joint venture company generates net revenues. Concurrent with this agreement
 the Company issued the first of these convertible notes. On April 8
 2016
On July 17
 2017
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Tumbleweed wherein it was agreed that Tumbleweed would convert its notes into common stock at the rate of $0.10 per share. The Company recognized a gain on settlement from the conversions of $29
600 based on the stock price of $0.0704 on July 17
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s notes and convertible notes payable for the year ended December 31
Balance &#150; December 31
196
100
(116
(100
Balance &#150;December 31
79
900







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On March 30
 2016
 the Company issued 75
000 shares of common stock as settlement of a contract obligation to a vendor valued at $7
On January 20
 2017
 the Company issued 400
On April 10
 2017
 we sold 1
000
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.025
 for gross proceeds of $25
000
 to an &#147;accredited investor&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
Between June 5
 2017 and June 29
 2017
 the Company issued a total of 1
631
660 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as settlement for an aggregate $163
166 in payables to an &#147;accredited investor&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The Company recognized an aggregate gain of $76
On July 17
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate 1
850
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in connection with the settlement of its lawsuit with Tumbleweed Holdings resulting in a net loss on settlement of $30
On December 21
 2017
 the Company issued 3
000
000 shares of its common stock
 valued at $300
000 or $0.10 per share
On December 22
 2017
 we sold 300
000 shares of common stock in a private transaction at a per share price of $.05
 for gross proceeds of $15
000
 to an &#147;accredited investor&#148; within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







On February 29
 2016
 we sold $150
000 of convertible notes and warrants to purchase 4.9% of our issued and outstanding stock
 in connection with our Joint venture agreement with Tumbleweed Holdings
 Inc.
 as disclosed in our Form 8-K Current Report filed with the SEC on March 2
 2016. The warrant to purchase Company common stock has an exercise price of $0.08 per share
On February 29
 2016
 in conjunction with the Company&#146;s joint venture agreement (see Note 4 &#150; Investment in Joint Venture)
 the company agreed to issue a warrant to purchase 5
525
318 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share. These warrants were valued at $475
751 using the Black-Scholes pricing model
On March 31
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $33
On June 30
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $29
On September 30
 2016
 the Company issued two year warrants to John Hollister
 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share in conjunction with his employment contract. These warrants were valued at $39
On October 16
 2017
 the Company issued Sandor Capital
 a significant shareholder and related party
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1
130
285 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share for a term of three years and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years. These warrants were valued at $480
A summary of the Company&#146;s warrant activity for the year ended December 31
Outstanding &#150; December 31
17
755
10
130
(6
239
(10
291
Balance as December 31
11
355
The Company&#146;s outstanding warrants at December 31
11
355
11
355
117
The weighted average fair value per warrant issued during the year ended December 31
 2017 was $0.06.



































Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Net earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
Since the Company reflected a net loss for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
 would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
The Company has the following common stock equivalents at December 31
 2017 and 2016
December 31
December 31
11
355
17
755
500
11
355
18
255
603













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







In May 2014
 The Company entered into an asset purchase agreement that requires the Company to pay a monthly royalty equal to six percent of gross monthly revenues over $150
000. The royalty payment is payable for a period of thirty-six months from and after the first month in which the Company&#146;s gross revenues are in excess of $150
On June 23
 2014
 the Company issued a $500
000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names. The original note bore interest at the rate of 3.25% per annum and was payable as follows: upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity)
 $100
000 was required to be paid. The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments
 commencing on the fifteenth day following the first month the Company realizes at least $150
On July 25
 2014
 the Company amended and restated its promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder) to provide that it would make the first $100
000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
In May 2017
 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile
 LLC. On August 8
 2017
 the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the company will acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash payable in one year. The Company also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. See Note 16 &#150; Subsequent Events













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







At December 31
 2017 and 2016
&nbsp;the Company had net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes approximating $6
259
106 and $5
633
041
 respectively. These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. &nbsp;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382
 utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited due to more than 50% ownership changes in 2014
The deferred tax asset at December 31
(6
295
(5
633
(34% Federal
(8
982
(8
473
5
512
5
312
415
415
124
93
144
144
206
199
2
579
2
307
The Company has taken a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately $2
579
177 and $2
307
744 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits. &nbsp;The increase in valuation allowance of approximately $271
000is primarily attributable to the Company&#146;s net operating loss during the year ended December 31
The components of the income tax provision for the years ended December 31
(509
(804
200
42
30
31
7
199
271
532
269



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







We are headquartered in Scottsdale
 Arizona where we rented space from Howard R. Baer
 the spouse of a significant shareholder until July 2017. We previously rented space form Kuboo
 Inc.
 our former parent company. During the year ended December 31
 2017 we incurred related party rent expense of $69
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 advanced an aggregate of $62
750 to the Company for short-term capital needs. During this period the Company repaid $43
550 of its secured debt to Park and recaptured $141
510 worth of payroll expenses for Park&#146;s use of Company personnel.&#160; Amounts recaptured for the use of Company personnel have been treated as repayments on the Company&#146;s Statements of Cash Flows. &nbsp; At December 31
 2017
 the Company had a note payable to Park for these advances of $1
292
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company incurred expenses of $180
000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer
 the spouse of Kae Yong Park
On April 13
 2016
 the Company agreed to amend the promissory note with Kae Yong Park and Howard R. Baer so as to make $564
000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum
 effective January 1
 2016. The remaining principal is non-interest bearing. &nbsp;At December 31
 2017
 the Company has accrued interest owed under this agreement of $112
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $572
299 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder and John Lemak
 its affiliate
 for which notes were issued. The notes
 as extended
 mature June 30
 2018 with some being secured and others unsecured. At December 31
 2017
 the Company had accrued interest of $6
503 related to the notes.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







We have evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when our financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported.&#160; Management has determined that other than as disclosed below
Since December 31
 2017
 Kae Yong Park
 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company of $70
500
 have received repayments of $7
000 leaving a balance due of $1
355
857 at April 2
 2018. These advances are secured by certain Company assets
 including all of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. Of the $52
000 advanced in 2018
 the $50
000 advanced on March 29
 2018 is secured by the company&#146;s interest in Crush Mobile
 bears interest at 8% &#160;and is payable on June 30
Since December 31
 2017
 John S. Lemak
 a significant shareholder
 has made additional advances to the Company of $65
000 leaving a balance due of $772
936 at April 2
 2018. These advances generally bear interest at the rate of 8% and are secured by certain Company assets
 including certain of its internet domain names
 websites and related assets. Of the $65
000 advanced in 2018
 the $25
000 advanced on March 29
 2018 is secured by the company&#146;s interest in Crush Mobile (pari passu with Park/Baer)
 bears interest at 8% and is payable on June 30
On January 10
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 for a purchase price of $90
On January 10
 2018
 the Company issued 106
500 shares of the Company&#146;s commons stock to a vendor as settlement of a payable balance of $5
On January 8
 2018
 the Company issued 300
000 shares of the Company&#146;s commons stock valued at $23
On January 8
 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate 7
904
As of January 8
 2018
 the Company owed 500
On February 16
 2018
 the Company issued 500
In May 2017
 we signed a non-binding memorandum of terms to acquire Crush Mobile. On August 8
 2017
 the company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 LLC
 which was amended by Amendment No. 1 dated January 4
 2018 (as amended
 the &#147;Agreement&#148;). As reported in the Company&#146;s form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10
 2018
 the Crush acquisition was closed January 8
 2018. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the company acquired all the outstanding membership interests of Crush Mobile
 in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 8 million shares of common stock
 plus $80
000 in cash
 payable within one year of closing. The Company also agreed to piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable to the sellers in connection with the acquisition. Effective February 1
 2018
 the company has engaged Crush Mobile&nbsp;current CEO
 Sonya Kreizman
 and Yosi Shemesh
 as consultants. Ms. Kreizman and Mr. Shemesh will be paid $7
000 and $6
500 per month
 respectively for their services.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017















Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include
 but are not limited to
 allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of intangible assets
 among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company operates in an industry that is subject to rapid change and intense competition. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential risk of business failure.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and money market accounts to be cash equivalents. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had no cash equivalents and all cash amounts consisted of cash on deposit.







Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Share-based compensation awards
 including stock options and restricted stock awards
 are recorded at estimated fair value on the awards&#146; grant date
 based on estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. The grant date fair value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the time in which the awards are expected to vest
The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of each stock award using this option-pricing model is affected by our assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include
 but are not limited to
 the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and the expected term of the awards based on an analysis of the actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors and the contractual term of the awards. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period
 which is generally consistent with the vesting of the awards
 based on the estimated fair value of all stock-based payments issued to employees and directors that are expected to vest.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017











































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification and method of accounting for interest-only strips
 loans
 other receivables
 or retained interests in securitizations that can be contractually prepaid or otherwise settled in a way that the holder would not recover substantially all of its recorded investment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Accounts receivable represent obligations from customers that are subject to normal collection terms and are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of any allowance for doubtful accounts
 and do not typically bear interest. The Company assesses the collectability of the accounts by taking into consideration the aging of accounts receivable
 changes in customer credit worthiness
 general market and economic conditions
 and historical experience. Bad debt expenses are recorded as part of selling
 general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. The Company writes off the receivable balance against the allowance when management determines a balance is uncollectible. At December 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a full allowance of $34
204 against its receivable balance due to the uncertainty of its collectability
 which was then written off in 2017.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or
 in the case of leasehold improvements
 the remaining lease term
 if shorter. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
Furniture
 fixtures and equipment



































Disclosure of accounting policy amounts needed to provide for the estimated ultimate cost of settling property insurance claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before a particular date (ordinarily
 the statement of financial position date).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company&#146;s ownership of the joint venture company is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 in accordance with ASC 323. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee Company&#146;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&#146;s Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations; however
 the Company&#146;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee Company is reflected as a gain or loss on the Company&#146;s investment. &nbsp;Additionally
 under the equity method of accounting
 the Company&#146;s initial investment in the joint venture company was recorded at the historic cost basis of the contributed domain of $0. &nbsp;Accordingly
 the Company expensed $475
751 related to the value of warrants the Company issued and is included as a component of loss on investments in the Company&#146;s Statements of Operations. As of December 31
 2017
When the Company&#146;s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero
 no further losses are recorded in the Company&#146;s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the Investee Company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income
 the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. &nbsp;On disposal of investments in joint ventures and associated companies
 the difference between disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts of the investments are recognized in profit or loss.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment exist
 an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows is used in measuring whether the carrying amount of the asset or related asset group is recoverable. Measurement of the amount of impairment
 if any
 is based upon the difference between the asset's carrying value and estimated fair value. 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists. Evidence of an arrangement consists of an order from the Company&#146;s distributors
Delivery has occurred. Delivery is deemed to have occurred when title and risk of loss has transferred
 either upon shipment of products to customers or upon delivery. 



































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.







Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The fair values of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; approximate their carrying amounts presented in the accompanying financial statements at December 31
 2017 and 2016.







Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company recognizes contingent losses that are both probable and estimable. &nbsp;In this context
 the Company defines probability as circumstances under which events are likely to occur. &nbsp;In regards to legal costs
 we record such costs as incurred.







Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies
 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260
The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes 11
355
285 warrants as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 since their effect is anti-dilutive.







Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







From time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date.&#160; If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements upon adoption







Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Furniture
 fixtures and equipment













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December 31
December 31
33
33
128
162
34
34
146
(18
128
162
640







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Summary balance sheet information on the joint venture
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December 31
December 31
14
3
18
(18
(18
(10
695)







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Summary revenue information on the joint venture (unaudited)
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







As of December 31
As of December 31
311
311
(207
(134
104
176
963













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Property and Equipment: Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017






Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment
As of December 31
As of December 31
12
12
12
12
(12
(9
2
675







Tabular disclosure of public utility physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 deprecation expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







355
112
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
233
Director/EVP
 President and CEO of Kuboo
3
Kuboo
Former parent company
166
6
878
400







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of related party accounts payable and accrued expenses
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Amount due - December 31
1
414
62
(141
(43
Balance due &#150; December 31
1
292
357







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of related party Notes Payable
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Balance &#150; December 31
196
100
(116
(100
Balance &#150;December 31
79
900







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of the Company's notes and convertible notes payable
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 11 - Stock Warrants: Schedule of Fair Value Measurement
 Warrants (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017






Schedule of Fair Value Measurement
 Warrants








Tabular disclosure of financial instruments measured at fair value
 including those classified in shareholders' equity measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements
 level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized and transfers between levels 1 and 2. Nonrecurring fair value measurements are those that are required or permitted in the statement of financial position in particular circumstances.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Outstanding &#150; December 31
17
755
10
130
(6
239
(10
291
Balance as December 31
11
355
285







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of the Company's the Company's warrant activity
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







11
355
11
355
117
000







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of the Company's outstanding warrants
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December 31
December 31
11
355
17
755
500
11
355
18
255
603







Represents the textual narrative disclosure of Schedule of the Company's common stock equivalents
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







(6
295
(5
633
(34% Federal
(8
982
(8
473
5
512
5
312
415
415
124
93
144
144
206
199
2
579
2
307
744







Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







(509
(804
200
42
30
31
7
199
271
532
269







Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Entity Incorporation
 State Country Name




Entity Incorporation
 Date of Incorporation

  2008










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















751







Represents the monetary amount of Value of warrants expensed
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











355
285


355
285







Represents the Warrants excluded from diluted net loss per share calculation (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













926
295)


242
885)


965
081)







049









000









Represents the monetary amount of Aggregate gross proceeds through issuance of common stock
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Aggregate gross proceeds through issuance of notes payable
 during the indicated time period.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Joint Venture
 Accounts Receivable - Related Party



704



Joint Venture
 Total Current Assets



704



Joint Venture
 Web Development Costs



936



Joint Venture
 Total Assets



640










Joint Venture
 Accounts payable - related party



204



Joint Venture
 Total Current Liabilities



204










Joint Venture
 Common stock






Joint Venture
 Additional paid-in capital



560



Joint Venture
 Accumulated deficit



125)



Joint Venture
 Total Stockholders' Equity



436



Joint Venture
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity



640







Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Accounts payable - related party
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Accounts Receivable - Related Party
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Accumulated deficit
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Additional paid-in capital
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Common stock
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Total Assets
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Total Current Assets
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Total Current Liabilities
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Total Stockholders' Equity
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Web Development Costs
 as of the indicated date.





























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Joint Venture
 Revenues













Joint Venture
 General and Administrative Expense



525



Joint Venture
 Rent - Related Party



600



Joint Venture
 Total Operating Expense



125



Joint Venture
 Income (Loss) from Operations



125)



Joint Venture
 Net Income (Loss)



125)







695)







Represents the per-share monetary value of Company Share of Net Loss
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 General and Administrative Expense
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Income (Loss) from Operations
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Net Income (Loss)
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Rent - Related Party
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Revenues
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Joint Venture
 Total Operating Expense
 during the indicated time period.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017













912


912





Web development costs
 Amortization Period








Web development
 capitalized costs








Web development
 accumulated depreciation

315)


949)





Web development
 net cost

597


963









Represents the monetary amount of Web development
 accumulated depreciation
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Web development
 capitalized costs
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Web development costs
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Web development costs
 Amortization Period
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Web development
 net cost
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Property and Equipment: Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)




Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Value

438


438

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Value

438


438










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Value

438)


763)










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Value



675







Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















500










955










466










000



Kuboo
 Inc.






976










503





400



















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Debt Instrument
 Description

000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




Debt Instrument
 Payment Terms

000 of which was payable upon the Company&#146;s receipt of an aggregate of $1
000
000 in funding (whether debt or equity). The remaining $400
000 is payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments



Debt Instrument
 Face Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2014








Debt Instrument
 Description

000



Debt Instrument
 Payment Terms

000 installment payment due under the Note on July 25
 2014 (earlier than required)
 in exchange for which Kae Yong Park agreed to waive all interest due over the term of the note. Thereafter
 Kae Yong Park waived the requirement that the Company pay the $100
000 due under the Amended and Restated Note until August 25
 2014
 at which time it was paid



Debt Instrument
 Face Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2014








Debt Instrument
 Description

299 from John Lemak








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2016








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Description

550 from Sandor Capital








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2016








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Description

000 note to Sandor Capital



Debt Instrument
 Face Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Description

000 from John Lemak



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage









Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Description

000 from John Lemak



Debt Instrument
 Collateral




Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date

  2018








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Description

000 from John Lemak



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




Debt Instrument
 Collateral




Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date

  2018








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017








Debt Instrument
 Description

 &#147;Park&#148;) a non-interest bearing
 unsecured demand promissory note to evidence all unpaid advances received by the Company to that point and to cover all additional advances received afterward



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




Debt Instrument
 Collateral




Debt Instrument
 Payment Terms









Debt Instrument
 Description




Debt Instrument
 Collateral

 including all internet domain names
 websites and related assets as collateral








Debt Instrument
 Description

000 in principal amount due under said Note interest bearing at the rate of 10% per annum



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




Debt Instrument
 Face Amount

000



Interest Payable
 Current

955







Discussion of whether the debt instrument is secured or unsecured
 and
 if secured
 a description of the collateral and guarantees required or provided.




























Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Advances
 Starting Balance

414
667





750





510)





550)



Advances
 Ending Balance

292
357







Represents the monetary amount of Advances
 Balance Due
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Advances received from Park
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Recapture of Company expenses
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Repayments made to Park
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2015



Debt Instrument
 Description

900



Long-term Debt
 Fair Value

900








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2015



Debt Instrument
 Description

000 (two installments of $22
500 each)



Long-term Debt
 Fair Value

000








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2016



Debt Instrument
 Description

000
 one-year convertible notes








Debt Instrument
 Issuance Date

  2017



Debt Instrument
 Description








Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.




























Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Note
 Starting Balance

433





000










533)








Note
 Ending Balance

900







Represents the monetary amount of Convertible Note Balance
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Note Balance
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Note proceeds received
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Repayments on notes
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Settlement of note
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Dec. 22
 2017
Dec. 21
 2017
Jul. 17
 2017
Apr. 10
 2017
Jan. 20
 2017
Mar. 30
 2016
Jun. 29
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017





















Common stock issued in conjunction with Tumbleweed settlement
 shares

000


000
000


850
000


000
000


000


000


631
660







000


000




000




500


166


750

















617









































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

000 of convertible notes and warrants to purchase 4.9% of our issued and outstanding stock








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

525
318 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.08 per share








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2016



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

 Interim CEO
 to purchase 375
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.09 per share








Sale of Stock
 Transaction Date

  2017



Sale of Stock
 Description of Transaction

 a significant shareholder and related party
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1
130
285 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.10 per share for a term of three years and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.05 per share for a term of three years







Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.




























Date the subsidiary or equity investee issued or sold stock
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 11 - Stock Warrants: Schedule of Fair Value Measurement
 Warrants (Details)


Dec. 31
 2017



























































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number
 Beginning Balance | shares

755
603



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning Balance | $ / shares




Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross | shares

130
285



Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price | $ / shares




Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period | shares




Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price | $ / shares




Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Forfeitures in Period | shares

239
603)



Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Forfeitures in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price | $ / shares




Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Expirations in Period | shares

291
000)



Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Expirations in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price | $ / shares




Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number
 Ending Balance | shares

355
285



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending Balance | $ / shares































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.



















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




355
285


755
603



















355
285





















355
285














000



































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.






















































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











355
285


755
603







000





355
285


255
603







Represents the Convertible debt (exercise price $0.20/share) (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrantes and Convertible Debt (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the Warrants (exercise price $0.05 - $0.25/share) (number of shares)
 as of the indicated date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017








000



On June 23
 2014






000 promissory note in conjunction with the purchase of approximately 7
500 cannabis-related internet domain names



On July 25
 2014






000 owing to Kae Yong Park (the Company&#146;s then majority shareholder)










 LLC







Excluding long-term commitments
 description of arrangements in which the entity must commit resources to supply goods or services to one or more customers
 which may include identification of the goods or services to be furnished
 identity of the buyer
 pricing
 effects on pricing (such as penalties) of failing to deliver minimum quantities required to be furnished
 cancellation rights
 and termination provisions.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











295
106)


633
041)












982
765)


473
442)





512
650


312
555





621


621





065


322





913


913





399


287





579
177


307
744



Deferred Tax Assets
 Net of Valuation Allowance










Represents the monetary amount of Cumulative NOL
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Depreciation and amortization
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Impairment expense
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Net operating loss carry forwards
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Stock/options issued for release
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Stock/options issued for services
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Unrealized losses on investment
 as of the indicated date.




























Represents the monetary amount of Valuation allowance
 as of the indicated date.





























 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











323)


932)





095


031












743


345





112


287





375


269



Income Tax Provision
 Net










Represents the monetary amount of Book income (loss) from operations
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Change in valuation allowance
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Depreciation and amortization
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Income Tax Provision
 Net
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Stock/options issued for release
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Stock/options issued for services
 during the indicated time period.




























Represents the monetary amount of Unrealized losses on investment
 during the indicated time period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Operating Leases
 Rent Expense

000








Related Party Transaction
 Description of Transaction

 a significant shareholder
 advanced an aggregate of $62
750 to the Company








Related Party Transaction
 Description of Transaction

000 related to its consulting contract with Howard Baer








Related Party Transaction
 Description of Transaction









Related Party Transaction
 Description of Transaction

299 from Sandor Capital
 a related party and significant shareholder and John Lemak
 its affiliate
 for which notes were issued







Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























A description of the related party transaction
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements. Examples of common related party transactions are
 sales
 purchases and transfers of realty and personal property
 services received or furnished
 loans and leases to and from top management and affiliates.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Subsequent Event
 Description

 a significant shareholder
 and her spouse
 Howard R. Baer
 have made additional advances to the Company








Subsequent Event
 Description

 a significant shareholder
 has made additional advances to the Company







































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

000




































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

500 shares of the Company&#146;s commons stock to a vendor as settlement of a payable balance








Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

000 shares of the Company&#146;s commons stock valued at $23
400 as a commitment fee








Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

904
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in connection with the closing of the Crush Mobile acquisition








Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

000 shares of the Companys common stock to Tumbleweed Holdings








Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock pursuant to a consulting contract




































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Subsequent Event
 Date

  2018



Subsequent Event
 Description

 Sonya Kreizman
 and Yosi Shemesh
 as consultants




































Date the event occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issues or available to be issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( -:%@DP?(\\#P    !



0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
MWTG] E!+ P04     #6A8),V+:G?     K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


M@M
\/L

:CWA-41;$&1ZR-9@T3
/
S4:C:H

M1RU'*/
-N(R^6UQ_[!]%*HJRKNL6&9%M2W7<KF2J]N/
MR?6'WU78=<;N[#\VO@BJ&G[=A?H4$L#!!0    ( -:%@DR97)PC$ 8  )PG

MM!-S:7;;M)F$[4X?A1%8C6QY9)&$?[]'-A#+E@WMDDVZFSP$+.G[SD5'Y^@X






H%N
!M8('_.;Z?D3EJ(

3UTUSG\+ GQ^R-;88<G;CL3


MP+

E1M'V5;S<HY=8%0&7&-\T

2S90+!D&&ER0F$JDY?DU($_XKI=K^G-- \)0O)/I*

%.70[@:0KX#
M;;J=W#HXGIB1N0K34I!OP_GIQ7@:XCG9!+E]F%=MY]C1T?OGP5&PH^\\EAW'

M\E)58#%;Q@
KD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG:9@39ZO*
MWF6QP54=SU5;\K^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\

KF[.:EZ93%GIO+?+0P)+%N(61+B35WM





M?Z9!_5FS)R[?/T;_

M_7=YD:6!]S

-)H $P%F A/_

A'@8$;! L%O$%B/@%O&($7Q&!&9^\R2!G0,=+Z@YK.
M23H?Z&)!CZP(



O(1!Q'BU2Y



RE

'#(H?



V7^VS[9P\MZ)

M0[


M5@*%I?)A.6GF/24FD=01U1DAT]DRO77$
Q
H-)4/36HZ5B%A!*,$)1$A5/
M/#Z!\E/Y_ 2*1N-6(AFDUV2W?GB







?U9'


N4+IE2AVF09+-.
MT5
408?G?ZH[ELS+DBU9

TR1\PY5ZF?
GD?*:;
M_-U
'N4#)C#;


^5WGOL#G'B7%%=-7K2!2M]9DP31D_*##
]
M%L/..4P4[\9# 4PG4_D74$L#!!0    ( -:%@DS?C3C'QP

C -A![




M\[X]K4(=!GM[R*YY^Z6Z_6;'@F08C-7_8=]M[N2=$Y=C5^5-_S?879NV*L99
MG)4B^SY\GLO^\S9\D^ 8Q@?@&(#W % ?!L1C0/PS(.F+'YSUI7[*VFR]K*M;


MY%)LD



04
MIT2=R'3.%0]22 B]#
S
P.

4&$I*







MU&%(88\3/G3!TXHYL1%H[D32EN%4P4P50!2,3=7@2@JY]:('H3!L1$&RGB
M1H\J8I!(WSRO3L4:5JQ!Q3ZK6

L/6D
3&- &CZ$C36E;LV\BE[I/6T$;*
MN+.CBG@T5:?H$!8=@J+96[ *!WK226%A@M2LEM94=]M:(30:A#S0;91LJX

'
\D(3-EZM6-&1M*QFP9#

M9JD3-H]*XO%LW=HQE!6B



M


MT[ O^

_MO^\

M?VN?E^?E7



M9.:S

5=6I4UH/ERDA;;82@*M)
!*0JPDK)9$*DL

M&4?

M
T B8FE2'7 30)+@;G1
W0@^*%TL4MI'0!=J&PBO)R%Y-S% 2E:)25)'K7!5



24FIN3$-'1NE9R&*K&6N@&R
M!V65#
QI$D-3(F@R1QR&(C&6\FP#=*:=54S@@Y28G)*34V@ZPTD.Q0?M7.*8

MDFZ1%AR[F'\2\(^// XWJTQ
Q\0&Z4Q+IX EA3FHP



MZJT_(*YGV_+]V'3'BU=O+X?03_T9-'F_%H^;X2CY1YCA9/O/K'H['.O92]DT



M0]
2VQM@=21)06B27!/)N
)E'G
M? =W(_^9'Q$%I6:2U6:X4


M=9S^I-E
VR;0F4 70A;KD*E0=/Z%.5;F1H_(3&??LW#%NP/U9U.%9#R*^
^;








CD8LQK#[7


MU-#P0?H7





1 G=/[W?&T#_@(^-G!:%=[$CJY(+Z$X$N5TR08
5@':I9Q5M1XFU:.QW7<?J3IC-M

MY8

2.YU]S\

M(#1CSA


;MS$\H74;DVIR=**JAY+]TS#I]@




M^ZVV 0  TP





T$IR
M@S/4X0M; @F-#]M[W-MISJ; FWY^0FQYQ^4?4$L#!!0    ( -:%@DP3572%
MM $  -

!!\

C
[:Z_S






\]

8Z

MA5E!&

 &-
1[02G*'
]3A

MTP
</L+2SSM*EN8_

)_MQQW!8Y1X/C?'O<PZ5]%V.90-9@V
MCI
_-_.<S8'#87E;'W'Y6]02P




MS
WH9:_A8HD;E1+VUQFDF0IZH&^)Y[[M?$BP
A]$U_!?QLN%B.VJM2] NUZ
MHXF%IJ/A]
Y#?@(^-[#Y#9[$CJY&O
2@D]U09-@14/B@(7&[P!%(&(;3Q





MV+[#O9WG; Z\&98GQ-9W7/X&4$L#!!0    ( -:%@DSDT%G#M0$  -
#   9





X:N
'FV0(B77VK0

%\?)HEJ/
M*H[R*KM




O$-V%[8!  #3 P  &0   'AL

_WT!/<^TIE^$&=][\P:&?$3S;#L 1UZ4U+:@G7/]
!U)2K(L20Y


Q/7^




$%     @ UH63)T2B.FU 0  TP,  !D   !X;]W


_

M7-F%N[.]-#AG]I8+3R&MF&NMRJ2-**\21Y8%K(CA99S)UMD9G!*]G!V1(W
M:WLKQ,H,^9T1V^)%]FT/B18D?6B@:_@O_5GBQ%;5JIH7/2=


HO-?A6C1/_A\^W

71WF572;V

]T?&7-F
M%N[&]-#AG]I8+3R&MF&NMRJ2-**\22Y8UK(CA99S)UMD9G!*]G!V1(W:WL
M[Q
H

I#?@(

M=^SE(AP\&/535K[-Z8&2FHQ*/]DQL\P]W-+R=S\5[B0GAP@C5*HUS\DG)P



MP +6^8/:)ES?OFO#4=2B^X.]R\SLK+W.!F-?7 O@R:N2VN6T];X[

 /?P?_H+A8C-JM40H%VPFABH<[IP^9TW@5\!#P+

O]F_JGV#OV




?FFYX0
MF]]Q\0=02P,$%     @ UH63&\T-RRV 0  TP

1N_9DVZE S$]?Y-_5/LW?=R

U_A2LH#P].?(T2E8U?4@[6H9Y5
MO!4M7J=5=G$=IS\\G6G;!#X3^$)(8QTV%8K./PHGBLS@2


2ABZ.\RBX3^\#CI?R%






P.7]ROXEU8ZUG(6'

MM'@=3VG2.4S\5]@Z@$\ ?@-@8Z*D_+

K4C_
M4+Q'[Z7 @6;L$HFFF.

WZ&N9][2N;FO\(%%




![22W.$



M;6QM4V%OFS 0_2N6?T!-G'3-(D!J6DV;M$E1IVV?'3C JLTQVX3NW\\VA-&

&:+!K2P=]A!Z_]4:+1P/C0ULYT!

2@;C<7]4_Q=Y]+V=AX0G5+UFZ)J-[2DJH

HVKL.D?Z6M

M@DSP(%9TL@$  -




]P
-/ =
M_(_^9#%BBTK5*=N
YI8J'/ZF!Z.^X/@)\=C&ZU)Z&3LS&O(?A2Y30)AD!
MZ8.P.43R!E$$(;OV=-NI0








MT\9ULJC2@XJKO(HN&WM/XZ7\A4_K_L)




M=Y.L5H4316E4BNM$K5]]L( 5GPAMEG2OX]M6$*WO.9X9PS%X^S09LWVP(X


@ZUL KN%_=T7B/SH5EZ L
MUPH9J'/\D.X/VX/@-\

CR!$$/)E


4S^W&$W-_X S

#   9


M0


F-.4WH-O
BF]2' BJP7#?P _[
_6?38HE))#9V3IB
6


@3C*.(_+-YA]%+P]'/&+D%HQAPG#%]A[I


MO(HN&_O XZ7\@T_K_EW81G:.G(W'JXT74!OC 4M)[G'6GQABZ.@]L'\A+:=
M]FQRO.GG)\26=US\!5!+ P04     #6A8)
:=;]7[
!  #3 P  &0   'AL


YX;6QM4]MNG# 0_17+'QS7M)&*T#*IHI:

M
QHD<78R1:9&;R2'9PL


H%82PC-^S)EU2!N+:





MGY\06]YQ\1=02P



NTL

MW(WI0..?RE@E/+JV9JZS(
I(4I+Q)+EC2K2:YFF



91Q']8O




ML$GHY&S


(XB




*C%K]Y





MJYPF(2%04/J@('[P1,H%80PC5^S)EU!N+Z_*;^





M





MA+&

P5#6CA[DP'+?ZIC-7HVMK
MYCH+HHPDK1A/D@],]G2/(VQD\U3TWLE6SA9XGJMA?U]!&6&C&[H-? BZ\:'
M 


M*2FA$KWR+V;X#%
_]Y1

M4G8)0A/F.&+X K-/9@A#^3D'7\MQY/_Q^3I]NUKB-M*W2WJR61?8K0KLHL#N


M -:%@DQ8[$!VL@$  -

V+GAM



M8.\R

*USF

MPD]PO_JC\1%95&HN05FN%3+0%/@^W1^R@(^ WQQ&N]JCT





M\+C $R@5A+,7[,F75(&XMJ^JK_$WK&7LW#P9-1/6?DVIP^45%+0?E7

M*5&L_%EX4636C



MH19?V.(HJ'TP/Z)MISV;'&_Z^0FQY1T7?P!02P





85
M+K(8.YHBT[T37


M9D= [8)Y[VTS[MGH.-U-3XC
,K,!  #3
M P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S.2YX;6QU4V&/E# 0_2M-?\5


M9(H

M2NR(@3JGC[O#
)U6F47UW'6O]*V7PF\!LFPI%Y^^%$T5F

CB**^RR\0^\G@I?^#3N'\1II&=)6=T_FKC!=2(#KR5Y,[/4.M?V!(HJ%W8
MOO5[,\W9%#CLYR?$EG=<_ 902P,$%     @ UH63(;H(4NT 0  TP
  !D

*A67HS7AFH

E)Z]


(#P].

O-EY K;4#;R6Y\3/4^A<V!P)J%[9?_=Z,
M<S8&3G?3$R+S.R[^ %!+ P04     #6A8)
JARGJ[0!  #3 P  &0   'AL




-LYU
M!\9LT8 2]@X[T/Y/A48)YT-3


VCWYMQSL;
M83<](3:_X_P/4$L#!!0    ( -:%@DRG6L-M0$  -



M=9\=.

O]1?U3
M[!U[.0D'CT;]E*5O

$:A5$N?DG1


/?)#&$H/]?@:S4._#\^7Z=O5RUN











0KZ
G[



I[TV;[8!<.A=F4SW#C7[@FQ10.2V1O=@O)_

85SM
8.YH\U9T37





M[\/)53S[4?]6R;0D4O&1(%M_9([EJ=$]



M970T-2YX;6QU4]N.FS 0_17+'[ F3G8WC0!ILU752JT4;=7VV8$!K+4QM4W8





M 

@CY
=W





M7KAG/3S!U



5&L_ MSK
B

6;/?6S*4



M4&#^.



)\
MN4I9D.58.JX3A85NE-QE6?1:6/O:;R4__!AW7\P4W-ET4D[?[7Q BJM'?A2
MDAN_0XU_89,CH'+!W'K;#'LV.$ZWXQ,BTSO._P%02P,$%     @ UH63&M/
M2@FR 0  TP

MJ9];2J;FO\$9)









MV



'4SPZCJ?EO

/IDAQ
O/



M;(Y;Y[HC(;9L03)[HSM0_J;61C+G3=
0VQE@521)06B2'(AD7.$BB[ZS*3+=
M.\$5G VRO93

0\9 
?
OS+$B
M
WI 9NQ]Q\(3;X[4]Z8



B[07WK4!  #3 P


BYX;6QU4]MNVS 
_15!'U Y2MJE
M@6V@Z5!LP 8$';8]*S9]0271D^2X^_M)LN
9F?=BD?0YAQ=1Z8#FS38 CKPK


MV#O9:C@98GNEA/E]!(E#1C?T&GAMZ\:% 
O33M3P#=SW[F2\QV:5LE6@;8N:






50%IH[K9$F!




RYX;6QU5-MNW 0_17$!P0;K]/-RK:4
M356E4B*M4K5]9NWQ10'C %ZG?U_ CFMMZ(MAAG-FSC











W+U
3[

I\_@ ^-'#

7[
F7E)ZXMJ^J;^$WETO
M%V;@2?&??6V[ C]@5$/#1FY?U?0)YG[V&



?
#*F..P/^]V'/&0U5P&Z#1ME4*5&&;9Y



5^N@$5[ S
MR!ZE9.;?/0@]ECC%Y\8C/_0N-$A5#.P O\']&7;&5V11:;D$9;E6R$!7XKMT


^HTY5A5&
MC\A





M='


ML?LG8G^/2.@




MUG;[:/9R_'#'0(M^FDEH'HSE;U!+ P04     #6A8),I=:/;H$  #0





M

C@M62VU4]4T301O'%$NUHU-1\%VA#]
D]FTKX[^Y_N5NK9




M!
V P!F$
 R&H/@99I! 51&

MUR;;Q'*P 1(=*



M:WDLA%IPLJ3!1_@%XJW9


L.XTWTL3N('%D^&$/S[3'VIOY











]G!@)ZY?1/\%QGZ2
!B;
M_P9GX 9NG9@:.\&5^PUV)Z5%
ZH8*PU[']:Z=6L_ZE]H?D(\$N(K =.'!#(2
MR/\2Z$B@


:6S
M-@=
ZC#M
 J

S^CZC2C_ E!+ P04     #6A8)
OTB%

M .6]
MK*E5\KU2T1DE4-C
@'WD&KW^RY8$3II3@@V0D@.QO$*(J($6,-*U?
M%G;O290%/RK:M/ D/'EDC(@_:Z\7_FA?]YX;@ZU
ANH+#IR@.^@?G1/0J_0
[/T*GYL[<4P



::]]X:W:NM7


15


LZ.V%-0
-_;
.+=


MY_PSU;0LI.@].1Q^1VV-R28P9W.TF^XHW#=C7IG=6QF&68%NEFC$[ 9


?@
M8
(@PS^)!*!(X BB#R(Y3!!.&2(

M($'\@-$!$\^

TBQ9%1+-[S;X;/ZB\U*WR#D*;


M+_V7Q%R


=94(QDQ2%V43[S8^[;7=;=RUK\K&OK91=ZWKHOWW

R?
M7HP9




MCIUHZ$2'!C1;.$$:CIT8Z
0  V+A!&DD=I))RDPH!9.)HWQFL9K-!O_L)\,
M^LF '[WP@S0&.\FADQP8((*',\P(6Q$^2*0SP@_!(E_1N5!$QF'/#YSL:)_
M9]':#N:87 [0#;H8B0SE!P/. ;V& (MC?#E@
^QE(#+$6

M(T#5@4BHP@_F$\.X#.:,('IXPB_H*A 9 C(!694 /P,@;G ^ E 5A  2&0(
MS 7&3P#\#$&PP%B)-5@A44I-W!@K ;!*:P$QDJ@*2\H*AE!%88R4 5BF!


PJPEQ,!K3![F 5[FZ!*<6F'V%%IU+D=.)*)&3H4!58B]

MV=-KEJ9(E%.MB@'5B#WJO(8XL%FSXP
B1:W- 94H\DQ.!D*18H18Y;&@&HT
M.09-'XH4=1JG,: :K5^7YQ1 I!@QL&D,J [94XP8LPQFSZPYN@$BQ0A #0;4
MH,EQV?1 I!@!J,& FA!0Q0A #0;4H-/4H$ED6($H 8#:M 
NHQZ(%*
H-A@



M



':NT9UH   ]   &0   'AL



MZW:#D

:E8V?I:ZLX/
4G'5



M4/TW?N.5@=M

M0)%H+D*3.Y$YAI*%7L:@2 P0X#N1'A
[3#

M0.


]^




M.7+^:HPOIYT?F(* 0J5
B2%D(WGMB./N.FL.MUB?366<
M]BCL-UV\U-Y;&4=A@6XFT:C9#QH\TVR28)T^HF!78P]7L5' 78GB)Q%1C9!


1 7.T^D5_%K:V?9S#N-K$=L7^5?^3#OOA%Q:5KI';G2


M1\[D0








P./$SNU;Z

MYY.N09'UQ(@%3

MS#$$ %&?#MR+&&K&B2$ R&L(W(Z83@RAG@!PJ^'E'$




M5-


M]J9IDS;I=--MGU.:%G1 6)*6V[]?$BAC8+0OS0NV'SN)[:8=%V^R8$PY[W75




MF6



X%1 ,2?
MYQ):!/(A(OYV]:'AE;S% R8PS!P-WB% ^;N 1. LR@09!D41F2+$5H[0CC1

0=ZD
MKM=

.X
V
MVIE=_EQ4;&+,M-8ST7?ZOJ%XNW0QKWQOT3V!U!+ P04     #6A8)
(H%R
M'4


M@$&A3 BJEROL@#$32?OX
01U1TU#G.YOT=_;Y'4R!RIAQ]GWZJC*M9NYSA%.
M]
+4



^B^03_B
D#&0V@QU+R_] M?$0HF0OUH.0NJY20


2Y
M FV'+'1Y2SWBQ@.#DS+;5.]%W^?[@^+M




M9S@.PT?


S


M=*]%NMUD^&J%)LQ^Q

ML5V%&#'$83J'B:*$D'A+5ED\P
V&D

'$ [87PC<ISVZG@)+0YR^[$U4)H
*+A



2@L^LQ@KG+Y.:]NY=9Q.XAL
!X0S

I1D].E]]3^Q]OCJ&YF\(FW56X

MT5QSFFK54T2+7$T\:(:9QM_A0QR^12UN'3SZQ^)_*4($((MF]ZQ&HB



LTSO_ U!+


M970W-YX;6R%EEUOFS 8A?\*XG[%GQBJ)-+-&W2)E6=NEV[B9.@ F;&2;I_
R%YVY


MR/


J7_(4ZB
7)+8N;8
MR&9PO\GF.&C93E4

/RR18WH
F 9@
D[QKP9

M8PP(C.1*!()$E& X@5HM -9



M%?Y6 X*I$
AQ6?H;3JB#98D*=@/IQN8'(TBECP1#)
I*R)C/%!%BP!BYL9?!
9;:'#CN6-A)J84I!^Y,
MKH/Y4I@[C=AIVV2FK<;C<NQHV4^? MG\/;+Z#U!+ P04     #6A8)
6$Z\



&6:R


MB#2D%
H%ELN5[$C3*$]2QY_)J3O'5

ZT^LP




 %)@$SQ)/NYQC0%J. *SZ\C[!;(X+0'@%9

M(N)5 3BP/Q%I2/_E=OB55




+JCFA


MB5VX?A7=5Q@2BGUOR/X[7($;N'5B- K!E?MZQ45I40\LQDK-/OJV:ES;]2MQ
%';2;85;
^:5F;WF

^

M3:C4%\







M.[?7\RS
AE7#




M5W RR/92



]Z^ I3/SN




@$.N;0AF

VEL\(],\DK<WO/XHBFP=T&
MZC&'#D-'F0<(($)/VA03.- )WR*TR
TQ:A+

M)2*8:*;&&!6)$9'X003!1!$NLD9%UE
-[!]02P,$%     @
MUH63+
H(7.Z 0  ]P




PY5%)^W\

RO_7B'U!+ P04



MX[]UVS=@@Z1L)Y



M\''R-C@\./KKJ_7?_OH*7^(7QZOB)&AUPJ#3:@^K/[Z-9R=!M^W_\:=-!C^V

_8F+I(<(38/YM&ZMB$%@/_U;__F.^6[

MZTT6R8PO]&JSG

NUX F


M:JL

_ROO CN /@U3)GEZW4YC]+:UZJK

$?(

MT4K/ADS=M75LLFD $+J!'^''2$A'@/R@0*0P X]*+!9;OB\

M'W%-TW

M2KF&0!

P.
3UC@+ A_//
 KVL%GZ:/@LC/RR:&E1-\$H&/@G3= @)!0.N]B<$&CA5 P8ZJ7XO\MHX^
M-ZU2NR1#<( Q;Z(2;;D2F^3=+.NTPQM9(7&DY OTNT^+VKJQ2NEMZJLN9F.





PF




MP? RFK$-B$N4

M.3
*2

&MZWR4_Z0!3_'6187 
E\4P3G/]]4_)$
CCF@TVR=%P!O^%-:YM;?
M\ 5[/Y
X#IB6^T#
MW)]-RA/@CL#C?(DN*OCI0'P=%

@-0\!#?
M




!M1/=%S-+.6C)*4]J]S2!A%U
X^T.RTDH!VVS6



L_!:/.=.F-S?
M/Q]/(Y!5A:1;L6:%*DFI\G?*%1 P/DXRQ[LMDHRT ?48B:92'A9;/E/*E*;


M7OO^%#:*\8O
&

1HL




;9
M+$













M

MMDKLH(V$%K7G3M^=I=9E& L#S2 G.Y:

I0D11X(E1
HY02$I#GEF%)6^1H]K

MOA2#3=_KTP/8LY;Q
MI\07'D*_JP+[ )!*)+NXW5-A:UHKN;X0(7DB%?Q%!+MQ=V6CV]I\3%??7=
M^4:[M(Q=\FRB/3;ZV'[:-1X*(0(


M\G(;\3F9S90IQ!)\)YW=HM@0!0*! 5A%Z$G)-5IT9B5_+N$RFSG3Y_;;\:=1

9_E)7EN^2=+@-OLE#0



M5X/\$#SD3V@TA;Z%R


$SB)Q$-B5DU51R.F%U


#PT3KC-2N2&!V?T-OY2

M?:/N#_[_4:M3P'\.F$T5(.ZWZ)CS&!&P






MF=*4


MC8L
V.QFJ0/#1OIHW:5J[_E1GZX6-;=D0;EKAC4EUB?83GHWGKPA$_0N7X'5
M






:?*J7
M?H&C '5U.GM#N5#0#8Z#2\KX =[RZGW.[?$P9%!_'K

M^^75^VO
#3R[OCH[O[URV &Y7BS7M/'*'73:X6EG$'9.N0\6/HD9.UKA@+N^



 $6PGB$B9L^:B588K*;JHY

M;B61@_U=EL:)@E@QZ/;#5N\T

MB/

$=R*E'K+1


C*D+
K[GJ02Y^


W 
B'1F 9



MX^TE


M7

M9#VEGGF_E]K$U:RR 1UY&@XMJWIX0


MRJL4=U DM/LIZO2/N.*&=4)6
NPP
SQR]PE7?'07%&*BP([W'5
#A;Q2UY(@
M

E5EUMXR1\ 0CJ7HH




M4):



MY(3:L^@$6^JA5M0VA+7\OX*M&]G)+6Y#EEI2N0*'QY!@'QSPZUY;.]3:HYZI

MQB5\JLL?=:+_7+O0% ;JTFBN[L6!2 XV6J42$A^F3:%I4'*_7*[4(/\W6G3
MOQON
:ITB#P8=L+N8








DG+($LNAN=!0QG




[P.6Q[DVE




MG+I'W7BYZVN\K$H2=:M$7VOCVK@


M)=X)U;'LFR2Z9 -8





M_']'+
B!*
':


P7



;OS:

((G:


:V]=)Q3_RE[$LFMB/T&]TWC7+SEHZI']%-




M.=NW&\#[?JM#_^913+BAMU90:

S4


M66



4$%:&J
^[^4 K/;QN-(]CI6=$'Q2?9#'TB;K7*'W#:'WM:6N

4.WWX+Q<O8=;G81_9HUFI8KN0Q!RW-Q@Y_7)E^P=
M[7KE IMW9=BF[O*'Q#XCB7D;@&V<]+O


M:


M2 [V$59#9ZU.BVUQG&@G3LU49AAU?S\Y7NKM(B/V_1_=7/KC]\N*#FNMR7


' U?V27A@G)K5$1L(DSAEF-
M?7JPQXSR$&S//






?SLJM)=.R#6:U5ZW2[KY(_$V:
RWM0E?\*D =-CTCA
M\B]J-.ER@^U] /K#CNG,]!6U_ER;8/41H%FJI' UB8<5I$_I=-2F]DYS\<E


MD.$() \ 5V8%



P-

MTY@D0$4=' K\MTR(LE]X-TZ\Z\


;'*32U4

MS[59;:C?ONF991#SC+JYR^U4NQ*JYIGDV7
4_+V(DW\LHXP5]%\ %
'D 6X:
 <K)<:




K0[B7:Z^S5.4$3?T/^ 21SI'?


N/@?81QJ#EH&
6S)
UA#'[ZJW#Q(EH!
M*Q/1I/J:927SV7@M3/FN+J:ML!P9B&9)V^ MU&8WSF:-K:A1*30KXG_0]
H\


\MB3YY;1GF
M
CB'G2 DK



MG/*ZQ9AYVQ331&I

/M:%ACF5?C([

MR\=]WPT1J9/E


U%*R4.5^M
ML 4_97$OS!A*RE2;ICB

M^@^[528\BL9VN^.?5?;K33I7U)AU]@N:X\HU&!S*(H?19K@ TXTJ]DS.&O



M51(Z]H(:

[HT)O*XZ;T/D6JJ^HFU310A7$*M;ERPOZH

P[Q6QU(Y:_2W5
M1%*P@?)E;%.69;1D.!8FI4FJXIYBUZ *@-ERG'
A'_.$
K-(!PTYW7(1L%]M







 VS_B(@_1M[38
M%

)WFKU
:$1&!R?63#A06
M0&K'JTSKQ0!=&:CACO:V*##-; &/R94;BFA+C
)Z./FD2FF)16!% 7?*C7
M!'C2D

PMTBE[A44[-XVOH)AS_3H.J2;^\!&36#0-4\:LJYCUTCKO7'N*
M%*:H ( N4#




AR^TT(LD(LP%*? :
M
\M&W1_\_Z-6IQRK.7 

DJG%
O
M
0H4FZRTXA*NV:;D5_UKNN *J!L66*)=LTK5=[X5F[*:7VS5O9M[9#A+U)IB

IF\4H8

,+%/M$KEW3+EID0G'(+CUCZ YPO.E8KAD4;%

MV


\:9F]Z-A3*KQLJ/


LLS=&Z=4P#OFCF%V))

)X=W)&-F,[4_*O<=_64#%MB^//HFU8W7FM<=V[


XH5=


MW1WEL-7PB?_\2JU0PY_=2^_E(?OS1




'?[R^?'M^

MV;(



MR'I+O


MP59V?EI&K'O+8=4K;!XAQ.P*H+&=10/__8G[2ZB





&-RF-AW*$\3YWLW6%



M+8@\X36?QG50[)Z+5T$[09VP43WKFMJ179F.D$L8N+ :,UA9??+UE$POUN


AB-LN^)%
M[A$@M]L\9V\D=E][.;(Z[^_)9TR+P6







M5:Y6_[GZ*O6
;(?_Z]_^#0 \^I/&Z9K.[?J[WDE8K 8=GZ^L^E#7'QZ;Y(OU


MZ:RZSU







M6JY^D(Q-B@&M= FL


LUUP
M-F6?#

M+12-\ZK

W/..K0NX51= 0.!6 C*^0D$BQ*H:
M*1:CYJQK(9BD)N$!@B?XWGX84O
C6T4O6P?5M5MM
ZAN.V.V/Q?\W^ #T-MR



MC=.SZ^IU166N#Z0ULQ^=C

PD

58=-1DUFHUIN6:4ZBOI

CCAYJX63







^VC=87_+6-TO

#)AFW]F2['1DU8!B^L-VC*BW='727\


M ]8J4QJ?




9Y/_WD@X^7)KA7W)V3(M0TV

MG
5VX:#_(GZ'PK_]D^SW*;W;YG/967/7\&6QA^VET!/JAQ F\)MR:_VFW:FT

M^7.4@G[*R5 TE_PS&A(S\3]QM8!^6G5=HOB7\CG4#$W
^\EBS&ORGOZZDA?T

&
V4;8%ARVG
M7&P9+W/ Q/F&S3,:H8A7.J,;\Z*3?D0?

5=?==;BN]JUUFKQ*P^L:
^K_JXIPYS*UC'
M$C2]XE&9YO5QT^O?JE1S-W;LKJNLX=.V\L0Z*=6W18#PG[A?K5.P':5;&+.I
M5+B

MIQ(Q


UP6]R


M-S



&!R:
0]3E 860
^.H 6^TWQX%


M!0  L30   \   !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6S%VUU/XS@4@.&_8O5F9RYVV\1?
M!0'24-@5*P35%LU
MFM+4A66+_N4 33G2E%
VL=_9W(3XB+5M76%*T
B11K[?QD7WO-TV#?
K=KVQ











 3



(E
S

*

M(4&A4&HR4$%!*:0H% H-1DHH$(_6:'0J'49* @E

MW
(O\02FD!AH]NU;*
S$%!(DDW)3 $5$IA@F02+I4)%1*80H)D$BXQI2FA
M0A)32)+

M3$YY%A(0H4DNL)@R+&0A&,AB2DD*11*?4,NX5A(8@I)H52E\42*B0QA22%
M0LE
J)#$%)(4J6NWA542&$**0J%4E?OHZ%%*:0HE H=?6NH$(*4TA1*)2Z


M2&
 :9)A4&)0J2% &@-(DPR#$NMD- 1(8P!IH!2@TH- =(80)HH&0F' 9I

QA32)0HG






M&#I : [)H5+$6763;=L+#9M&;$E0631Y/95O:D*)'I=&$\;X8%SK_Z+%!\


M-J=D9+M5


]R&Z!C%M^$L*:K[4%7%N^UQ: ;?EB



M;\_7VP.]/5_O /0.?+T#T#OP]0Y [\#7.P] U_O /0.*[RK1\K^7H'H'?@

M5SAK@@Z;\/56H+?R]5:@M_+U5JW\O6.0._(USLO2-?[PCTCGR](] [\O6.


M72YX;6S-VM]NFS 4!O!7B;B=@N/_W=3T9MOM5FE[ 0]. @I@RW:[].UG:#MI

M+*@OER

MYH7G?$2:MTY+[:N&E]:7^V%_^WA8OI]ZX7^+B2V'][WU\^40(#DD2 X%DD.#

MBJP:15:-(JM&D56CR*I19-4HLFH460V*K 9%5H
BJT&1U:#(:E!D-2BR&A19
M#8JL!D56BR*K19'5HLAJ462U*+):%%DMBJP615:+(JM%D?7J@K(NQWIT_?2_
M)+^\/SS/9\O?T6_^ %!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -:%@DP?(\\#P    !




4




M-BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #6A8)
]RQL
[8!  #3 P  &

4
&UL4$L!
M A0#%     @ UH63.2=^ZVV 0  TP
  !D              ( !\RD  'AL


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #6A8)
$U5TA;0!

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -:%@DQ^4MXXM0$  -


V 0  TP


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ UH63#7N$^VW 0  TP
  !D


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #6
MA8)


#   9

C


\=%[0!  #3

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -:%@DSP(%9TL@$  -





  !D


YX;6Q02P$
M% 

[INS 0  TP
  !D              ( !


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #6A8)

M:&5E=#

#   9



M:&5E='

=\\LZ+0!  #3 P

W+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( -:%@DQ;.ZH(M $  -


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ UH63*<):PVU 0  TP
  !D
M         ( !AV


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M     #6A8)



#



M='

4     #6A8),:T]*;(!  #3 P  &0






4
&UL4$L!
M A0#%     @ UH63+RK$VCT 0  ) 4  !D              ( !@X   'AL




M3


O

YX;6Q02P$% 


M   ( -:%@DQ
ZO=L*@(  !P'   9                :Z,  !X;]W;W)K




8L0 @  U 4  !D
M ( !CY@  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970V-BYX;6Q02P$% 






M970W
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #6A8)
_#?U5?0!  #)!0  &0



M% 




  !D              ( !


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#<Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -:%@DRS*%SN@$  /<#   9



$_BK


M @  EBX  !

52P4&     %D 60!A&   .1X!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001078782-18-000397-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( -:%@DS)/97

#$W
3(S
2YX
M;6SLO?MSV\:2
/KS[E^!6\=9VU6D3/ M.\E7LAY9Y=B25I*3+^?6K2T0&(I(



MB$L13WZ
@OJ#84R2-X9&
6@[&=!=TY@@7@@(O2F!X-CN7YE'GUH$@WY\?/R!
M?DT6&/IST7'\ 7Z-'UP!T1DD?YR!(8MI_'E@! FF@2#;3;VW:&_X$\DB SMO




ML2R?!8'XYXOM
GUV^%ZGW]#.M5]\XUF[M4[WL$]49+GBUGH-R93N'CM7\/
MY#8[SYWIA6%@&0[+&3E]

M.\\74$\ W8WA_V8X$0-NNAN!F;AHSC.]UV@W
K
&5OPB:*TC4%ORW'.FF-(1

8[
4T/U&%P
MRTQF/QH#AUVQL-A:]0X8*^G4BT8N 


UUU@?@PH9!V!?[$<QE

C=!QNXE-.WA&T9J^L*7^!/70)L_0E?



MIZ_ETVXLUUIPM



VE/1ZN^B06#Z]H!9GZ/PFVO3?H@O)Q3JD7I'-S%PBL_Z MO


JW1HF_:ZUE8=3LS-;O-8.I(NGV.;$
T2


M][O])2/_PESF&PZZ?:RQ[5+L4F@_




G_+2

_
HKNM

MUX$EE2T7OC?FM_(1/CD1-_+!9S;T?

MV#?_Y
F1C



MBMGHK:)0W#*3WU6)I\G=M8*^DTY-5WQ'6F7%.Y+9T/SPU(Q-



M.#@;2J?)\^^F$Z&]=!V.F'\_



1C*A0C

?@ P60:WGLG)A@6/B
#



#A




 O//0E#



&X#G%$V!#\K
MB
(XZ!P







MC&C62

KEU8*


M


M%SU;HW-Y^M-%W9EA)'/KH=IKZ09?[S?SGAIXD6A
\.^^F_C(D7?!H;_H/M
MUD-O\K%AN_&?/G:

/[.84/^#$#$ZB/J
O-1;_1^F'II
M=I@C.+KK

0ZECN
_I(^^U)R/0;. D'ZO.8ZL@V]7PT;L0_M*\H7;%'@W+
MT. X]]5XUIIZ36LV&OTC@ _P+]T^.[.&-+P8V!SDS-;30#I?OCK@Z'],QIX
M'O_JO6;P8IZ6UF_\@'/DP-;]!'1FTH#HT/S)$O')!
 =A
$1@U_A?\$FJ$!
M_T=.6-
&S#3&3



M[;@6S#MXUD[P(TUTY1V!/6T1
_YJN)$!.K9-P/:U=^E+7%NF1M9)#*ED8I'*
M]1G85\*\0LT%M#K6^O5_:D

M\0()2HY2
-P%C]V@7UPP$JC5S.L)^E,P;8#V@&PGDK%5]#7L\69&: QBO
M=B865A4:'C!-V?
)
QK+9UOZ)'VS45ECH]R8A#O)0BB+4_LP.*;.6U:@5UB
M/
 D#\)\S9IM_1SC*FM.3D!
:&_Z9SAX*81C%#$\1+;N$]NCTS@VP)1#^

*?WXN0+ GXI@
0$Q!^^#@97KE@D7E(
M 
VP-S1.
M.#+7.

M




M8Z[QD+@2QL9?3&
Q*7#?
1RTQCQ



[ICCTGFA&!3&^@5
MQ96=/UO&@0HKM12#$^SZ/A1

M%
&O!_#T$CFX1


MZQI+28EN2O*N$V@D^-#-QFN
# N

3+K+J']^F^5-

MX/A$@

M:'C#ARBJ4UC#@/L4'^-[4'M


]



M0U-!$ 4Q)7QV#- W=^;(0Y\O?[B.NTVA)[%'$Z.8'&CJA9:F





7GON

-.8LD_F092*(!$@
62
N AO-*DB= R

M
HPBI$N'6FRW)5Y*6! @R/7&MIE&O(J5@A&/F0JP2I*KOHW1CD?:9P

4'1X?PDG''43OEG

MA!-* )44F7XP$J
*0G!%0YC'+!
GX
W2!

RPXF%$SD





M8U*:R@[B2V$




KJX$AQ:=2O!36


EXH;#O+F78L'TQ9/EB1R2G[;^9[-4RA&$8^W2SF73_.


\BW(0@;@RS?('E3'C$AZ72C$KB=P-L-Z#N&A%P09R*T3D
#'=!-G7XJ-D &(*8!#
MC?# ,$- @= D2FB4QK1,S.<Q7O&/A:;YXKD/]2\4?UR=0/4#W+HUET3;YMV
.H?5\QJ:QH/1*H:*9R


M9C&/3
GQ9 44&P0:HI9F+D8383KG2-H$#+Z-







M!B]#!6_Q.MAR92ILL/1

38A :
O8G*YY


MF5SL!K S75B?IC=*?NH5IW:?TG4*Y[0X\BB+TDQ=S71G_HRL!WZ 1U] F76F


MI1-@T]SUQH\E/1=)O(?H_
K5)2:]JM/92N;:!=Z)_A:'V%TDO72!7L\&L]6
MLA^D$=O*LBN;G$AON)/0HKPXVWSM3=H)PZQ@)JI2D!#G1*#B$2].+G[3.&_

V29*?*4:+=
:*+^!T&SE)25H]@U_
M+#*^H.5\ZE&@



MR.!FNOR(&O(4IZH,PO+P9!?%3AJ&?N8AF-BY3K1.L$2Q)'0*1((IPSV77C'
M=+W6ZG1JS7XGS8LREG:)FP
E.(6MR ENHX+[7I
8B6FC$
F RD

MO/$]U\

&H%L@[+K1BM_%)NQR2#QNU;03V
MNE63ZQ@/&*CH1R;5V


M/PP6_




T7
M
'.&YXU@=.):^(_4AOT@[7O5=+Z: D UG5^OZ;PD U9A;ED:T$4!M4F7NZ1?

M?M6W7?5M5WW;E8M3]6T_N U5?=M5W_8=VG!SK375#739H-(WJF^[ZMNN^K8?


L
&
</PR?#9V:



DRF:-4U.3LLWRZR(M
ME2H^)4EG O^X'#B%\+;;\2;(96/F4]0\\IE;Y&6ZM@O


!!62+J8=8EY+9@V%$LA )3*](M =I'4
ME5UB$ UX@THLB
R+




4@A

M4!



M8
=47? Z@0CMQ:A(


E[59=W7

MIW92U)VY!J]V#6_Q=E5R 6QC
@'UB+$

MB1=MBE*!7':SUBI]V
59 
P+

GY'U


8Q
MP4Q4'3$A!CLE!A'J23WN

K]QQ=E6.E?G\7 37WS?N@$=)'/'BT3#GC?0T_@Z%8^7

M%_XB7:^U.IU:L]])4WR




M[;C9K36/.[R;G($AFU9Z'P92ZX'W@)



$$@/GWA+


HN'0-FU\$.E#;*K/ ^XH$4#(
VP)EQIO?T
M9DN?+EA0;^I@+8&Q))\ZI%CY\I)++Q_0=E](T3W/2?;2T&QU\
KE
TW0C2O


















_
MK6N[%S0+7ACRDLB&@I18!W4^:_8IPZ/TTGO7AD=%^?_U !E')3-.%AM1T3_
MPTZ#QMYVQ

MFSK




XV)
'$&M-I']:]F,9R5CP)]1$-K#YV*2I;I+NHO&

ZS
MYK-'YD9





.F%)2I'O

MK=/L*!VZ11UZBVU.ZT4;OR_5H*_H[FK7VE9=8BG-O'O-K!A:W4KOD*%;M6YC






M7X (^D78'N^JMN(

M7A=1YVGD^UC3]R0(6+A&6;^#H% E

M9$]


3?
NKJ=^L5TU]IQ1?A@VJMSAU+=ZDEX]

M+QF_CW-ESLT=+GY;UW8O:!:\
.0ED0T%*;$.ZGS6[%.&1^FE]ZX-CXKR_^L1
M 


YM\PH7


)R3RD2=Z%G_C7R'-#Q@0AYX)W95
2#$J=*G.Z?')4X


MH952FZ89C2

*T^12;_=5L$(EA:S2LQ4D






M9P=LG)__\S]^Q/?E'^/R%FD[;-$FSI@:Q8S;5A&\--;,%;?:J;GXJ)OV?G

M^\UQ
SOFVC-O@(/59O^=#:0N-]3D9O.%YPRZ_MRK+!W@.VYUP- *-KJ;B_9
MYD+[Y(%!

/KVKP




*ZV]

JJZ_K?;W9*3H]





'\]
MWE=VPYY]5.I

MGS W8
%'I;:5VJZ( %!J6ZEMI;:KQK5;4MN55LYR



M7V($JD._.O17E0[5H5\=^M6AOT)D&VOK4V\\

MR6LI7@ N+]PRVL+W&!I@6WL?W;$-6==9?FM;J/@Q)1=F10/W!I!Y Y;9/Z5
M-C^_G_S*,%RZIC=F:&!?^-[X.HFYW1P-\T8N





MPS7PQVG@CC)S^ SW$7Z.T2+C


XST?:P7#2 0H'F;J

M#_@



MES




KP@&
M^_FR&C&Q94%=_<B/EJ[7CO5FF2V5ZB-90\E/ Z1KI7P**GPV-(AYS6?7\3%

ME(0I!0LH5,Z;/=*YT7H/I#. ^]?/*Y.A)ECT2&:4;CB
=!6FP)R2;+M'4
MP:AR!Z/M71,?++ZW:KF\S+5\];7KNV:C5VOIQ-]E1%3_6.2DC=*WI2!$=[I
MK7;MN'VLY$WIY



M

M

/*@R66-RI+2!V#2H!]50:A[+C;S 11^<F[
3U4?K(J


MA7$P3P=6=TDQ(6N&:VDLIF(DWL .

+ &VKAB&E#SW$\


MJ H'JWLJG@*AR4&=



^F(; Y3H-@O.[

ME12



#E.[;#']*





PFH@4&46OCB*56:ATE:EUE8JLU!E
M%E8$?RJS4&465A/;*K.PI-I/91:6F .4[ML

'
790GVY9VNIT




O&]


?2 [!:QX:'
MO:'VS@9DN!*FV/*+OC%8D
??+M

M?X&+G
AB@AD%!\+W%KRL4& ?*^9S \-H0C%@8U,2+2(;X*DD4I%_+&^-3
M+L #SVQ06',('B?=JYR/ /QH5Y( 7#4?F\%L&C#M&GH?QL@)-2N-(!A


$C@:9RTP+9FVIM.MXW12RA(








6W;\51*I\G59-I*YS2=DJ@J7V46\Q

MO:G0TG=S^ ^^=N'(]2?(@?!9SC!_CV/$X6$4Y&F'VI
7.18/F\EA?HF%M#@2

^Y&E


MNR0G&7$+2C3VU0#S0
.8N-E(E33P.E&R24@D:=L&6J/'_(8E+=M1([T\'-J.



MYF/%8Z^

9&'


3@6
S= _%@1QC8#ZNT0K73@5@^3/0(/'DA1@=J1;'8W:Z4#


[DCU:+]=;T







MK+ )0:RY
];N^:+H_9KMC=)MP[

M+4'']


M@HU^69E1)-ABA1SD$K#_3
NRS;F_

MXVA




[


A
M)]]?TH_-)MW.
\



[$#P=O=8

(+B


M
IO)W0S[PE5GFDV^[T@]DDHF:S62+2.]VC^0L(LHITF;^NP





KXV?1TPU0$AH0A_XJVV)O'@@E63:7+'5E7BCSXA#PJ:3!TL#


2E[UCK
Z@

MQD$ I.-UE2S)NTIL28^D[+[YM 610W$V(
#@D
S]]6_W# ]P62 #B52D*1



A
VBIA0F;25AE[*1_)
M3-JR*JK%MS

VE/SOB0F;3E$M!2LNSY













&W+=8DO)/F
NMZ(]
M\2.L2%\(IR.::9\J;:+U
HN;^=K]7\[ 1@U47@;W*/Q%)[*S9F6+YKT\'A[
M\2OY]_G]_?G-XX.\2JOELJ_TJ? G%/TDYOTU*K'BSMY%C9FRUCRYV+KPGA




M8U/?S



M7-HV%5


4+TQ$RZR


M?N%5\8/#@U



BO$


SSL?G4THFIEID\Y*R U

RQ$=ZH+7]5SZ#XSG/26LHV.2 SQ]^K:6R]0O*5^O
M(#\U0F#ZB:E!49SFT(%MCE1J$M9FKG-LFXYD*@&*/\@1AHNFME$)W[E/3

J0(G4FLS1Q7/X:T@WH69#SK4J^[
M054T*3AF8;)-:[%F'0AI.RF[E3S55LK7KG]ZD]2\.U3\+WX&%'KLF@D)9^4
M?%+RE4?R:6 YF[84?WL5?^C:F_972

HBU%V$V,PG.,-K^W!@IK#(\T[7$K
M\FTNE@GJ!K98K0ZJT2PBI
(():E0%C) /QWVAWC[?R%!L[SXGOU&@/C*HEV
M' /C#L


MFI7+4[4\51]5&TNFE)IW!WJ]P-HEKM2X4N


IM?HQ'=Z2



O9)TQNOZ%S13W[\]K;W

M.^L;Q&=(J2/[)!8#$TE!:QU

PYM+8-J9UJO/JX+NV&


MB)B\!=E0=-1AG)91M@45-


%2TF;






8
@Z0'RW0($
]


H-[FCC??J[0


IN)4^UDXH_5G^2@F^?
M@N_%AU
























(C+A[]=?L5_3JPT





FQ






Q[\F $8HIZ'4;#2Q9V7#^


+?-X_7-_^XNKFXOGI8$MQ165C4KY3O



M.0

M7+


M/P)

M#LZDSP37S\K4J'RLKA!I8CUC
R2/.C0]\.\






 ?L6&CGCF'P
V

%=!JN!ESOP[1.-7K'Q'D[^Y
 47!6@RA7SN@SDORNZ
M1.*&Q@O$7UFV^60G*#?$N85;?T^44
:]
/ (MW)\=
ATXXX()'_M)U
G
\*O


^]_+XY 6R5]-'$D

M3?4G



-4G%(43(R1
M0**A


3EN*YME4S-/V#H7W8MAB0



M]^-KGT6T3@+@G='\B7P5MTH*L7\BYR_/#7+A!\



L*3)_CF%C?;R;VFY[L?


MK^!T


MYD_PSCEO_73N=;\QYXFY+&(T?




M'-]NYD[[D@8VH($#%E

M?QE;FITB#^FJJJCM W4PDX@K


MZD!(M)42;0?*KCNM^ZJ+ON






4^#WBD!#6PWJL
MXW@1?LP8]]WP0@'7HR82WZ)W1'!M)\&@?6 %GEA\I\-SD1+)W\&C_YOD*





MG [7S$-;P-QRAA'_[8W6U!134\DK3-W'-X?.*/!=-R7AD*\
7TVD=]/Z.20)
S4-J'I)]!Z8DG@^X@DEY
MXG *N63QL/0$MWRF-YJBMW7%,$$F]%FG3]@8\$\C/K;H[XT/YV;*KZLV?%3#
M+:TM&O)4E*F&C(DXI;14U 29O@#0C8%JR^
7=ZU%0W   Q$\LJ &1/E.$\S
MKBN'I-8I\99N/7(^#
.T0Q.1-8D$3F@- 25.#7A



!A'@XSGAQDIN=[9]


M=/N%
+E0FDY:]








M21AWI(S((.9'!?0/^0$L*^]\^NYXSK

%A-^]-#TZ@I;!3TV
MU/5?N:'$/=8!6CX$@SI0.

MKN=X=F71B&^522E5E2T]

K
[127@@.G2_
B(7
&3SGT
MT12R53A

!NFJ;1
&_TNPF&DBT
A


$F7WR\]I1YE258EWM(Y)XJE
ME
6CB
QE$FF*?$# /




M=P=0PV[ICXZH%

X0C@D_V #^=&&=9





6%+ L=RL68SD793CSZ.AO2
?](VBB$M\-YZ




-6!+HQS#;QT!_]









M!:B^C0#%[1V[2FN?443TN21;7ICQ4\AZS(G&#TX+KWM\0*D9R5+2YV[R%PQ
MK(HF!^%?YG
1SU?_.Z-.#[

ME7!])7%]=%P7Y

MK?=+[%'=J SH\PNN!?3=D6Y6OKI@BL/_92+RQ3NNUKF5[6=T[QHC(1^[;%






!FX8#
+G!1JP2GU6

M3DX&HG15E5%SPSSQA



M:^)$WG9UC9.X9RP _N/+[56.W)K)B'%A-_C]$E/'\VD4H



MS@2;EMYX[#W*52I
R:9D-=9DV-1#R*M




OA%C$HR+V!;%*O


M*

.1C2=&-
I63RO
M&M&=T-;$L [+-6


!!AMS:2(W_?B [
/)^

MF)JP9G&E2*YIO#&6I&)*O=O%U.;*(B:$]Y#AXNX!8@YBAPI305SCU2KFL*9*
<B@UM
RNN.H$!6M%^71.K2HIJ1BVLW)HZR=N
MZF?J$@


MVHS3-])X^XHEXA[[L2(Y$#1!0M3ZZAWOLU;LHVU 4B-WU4GOS7=9K55MIAR7
31OE_-U*+8LFPZM:RBD!FX.!9P@/



M_8WM^OV0#:EJ\A44[D1'][7;+9



MU^GHAF[6

H*H]./WG8T^U40USC='5W;
MJOFDKIT.OU%TNK-]D&:]:91+X9EO

M
 @92P




E






-17==X-C_S3XRFZ,MX*U2H8T*9
M_5PDY_4Z-9]I'AHG/)XR8#)F1:$1 BB,HY)#9^=S/PB3K.<;03+EJV;E%\*G
MAJL7P0-<8&;.\'^0JV-GK9;YGDR%LH95%8VGT]F&+A
ROE:%7YW1['T7$WE

M6-8W-))7Q=58M=BM;/LM9Z

EE))?1:M%45F(B!]R()!CE







MENJEJJKQ/

#V++V
M^:,?\.<J\FKHI*!; E]'R]$GENL.PSN'0J6V





#$W
3(S

M


H_0N^
](EC]S9O7;^O-O=\^/'__
MEWJ]UN'



9\@[T3\]15S8Z5R/+FI9?ZC.RNORJ
MWCRL'S7W'X2W$+-/_-13J.L


.IP/L9 ],7Q(]#(GX\WH5<[Q9/J^AP
M=_84_#


M

4&YT%6W 

IU4
M&5,NDU@]KI]%<,.N :T,7L?AV5@:&H!G4EAJT?W6YP_88@#[PQZ&;
1)6DE
MT%$K:?58_IF%
 L$9EA4E)5 1:FBU:
L)@@CS.)E3IC=733$E8!&IZ@:G==V





I42)65?P
[)4 2*S
MSE:O.=UP9P1R)#RG(7 YA9/SG,*8.:I F 96JL1^[L=BVRT M4?++Y*T)]

MRQ:

DW \

M!#^7-VX56ZO3^H\X @BI H@V19.B$2(B!E+T=E]N(-%-AC/YJN=1C^V^J8EV




E]WP!GA

]SG^_.IP[F/-=







6.A'ZG=1QB_68=02SK2:SC@Y/

+

M#AHC;.K&E&Q4BMV&4I3;$J2



*0R.JW)O;&[;S^DK:?J%MAO:

M
#$W
3(S


MO[[C_SP CO,1TS?_S2)HL=W^_N\SO,#5Z%9+S/3!SMKPK^].
//R1EWSU3


MVNE.X?0!$IU(
^VN8:XP;@+

Q#P
M&]O=!
*(5B4LVTCMS(C




0WP7A=[7#TE4(%!NNUQ]






MVZSLK'I;+ CDLS/]
XR)-V$#YIM1GU)8Z1FYU82S4@H8$0AJ:2YH-T4%;3@K

L@FZV



MWV+DHVC^:\C




EOL&S8@

ME)LPS:HB&#WDOEXD^_!LS8R,TV:)D]@7 ]9Q^FG]3V[:U#@[736C'+[IFE4
M0:*'TS=W\0.%WV)^U, ,ZGNV;+=KFD,9 I-YN9P,82,I.QD..[-Y:HA-:OF)
MKV^YI!&: CX4;D)& 00[%2P$:U*\6T2_L@?Z)Y[AY'O4(]20A%(@=@JI-FD

@?.)'


M ]$


S

M/_E^WHB4!5#LU%


MW$(07%*^5V=9E362[):R
J^AA-O.;E./AUKZEGOP-*S]N;4B_WNL'W$Y@N
MKK/?:



M8





MH&6W_$\4CN+@&HU$(TJ5FO8?M:_DO]+MH#T^'^U^?+[6G8I-1
Q%6.P
@M51







Y(TRWR.@UGS!3ZHX*8MN;(
MM
ME05Y
IV(V9

.FE%'Q6FGD%-T&AL
I6R*!T YA9QBLX813B&;KU78?.TBFZ_E;.J;








M


;ZU
VQ6GXG$+.
FMLDWW*IC@?GU/(66:-;;A/
MV11ON

MI#.:T
&VX\%V=7SI'L\6U/J0W;;SY^]4.=Q:M]=.GXL-W+]4K7]77:W*_:NY
M ]MV'46D'!^PP0+%'G)Q)AHYV6-!AWI9C6QK;2DIIU1US^C?G@)!\MT^N0




MJ]FK+??JWJ-U@W^+


B%= G


MP+XX?UI0P77BC9W-)+ OWE)44



M-[Z43MKWL2S-9VG31X+TG@Z%+(A?9= $B?K,C\WNUFH.^L0K:L0W4GX1)K
^-U&50:BJL4[?.M;2U[8.

MO&PS\[


F=N4
M]KUO
:)HL0R]UB23Q&+C628)MC;-U*:9VC13FV9R3YXVS:0WS70J#[5.G0NU
M3MOI_#;4:D.M-M3ZWD.MY=?\'_XFDU]^_']02P

EZA

MY1T$49K1-K'OTN#;E/WZ


M[U[Q/]8+!PI=MF;]XZ_^X_=)'.)K?(^8P&^SS1K_X==IL%J'^-?%[QX3?^N
M+4R25_3[5Q%^\#+L4SM^0^UX^!6UXW\5O[[T[G#X:T1+?KJ^DKV3:TN_M&K






H






KAF6.(2' .2T@I-$.D[

$9)V42(-T^T6$2)V(5FIIN00HV7'%K.@^K5538J+J

5


MAM5!JQLI_4?JG^


F[


!*D1?Y:$'&5().\B2A




(+?$@#O1)']

)!

M[9*
\2NMP#YT=;I4'OR2/Z/[,;)1!MO7YP]MA%G._0P\.Z


CN^9Q?%HULD\3A^9=-A[T/GA!=!FGZ2(B!T@?KZ+RDDV$.4EA
M*-C4.D!01FM&G].ZOT $4]7J+5QS6M!?X&0M:P;1GTS768C9CCF^1_%=&#SP




M6I@R[9RN$$OQ\LN'^.F5CP.*KK?T!PJJMQ50D5_]_2S*@FQS&:3TD'?E\6WW
M%4YN'KVDV?'Z\GWA9*P)*.J&4%A!EUZT)
)2$!/C**,S5'J5O/#(NE

1_\!1OY_'%

MGQZM

@'TGB38BK#DS&:K%7!/-DU[I^'$





M-W_V$G_!UMOT WMQN8@XX\8/F'H
87].VNL]X%I+)3NX
34 NZN-;RW0U0A5
MY8!R\W#JI.V#8%5C2L=4+5AHC9C:
U0H/D



M4/7%0 ]/MB9$.9&)D[.B@34

M.)5A3/
1%&9F.L&BFKF$&6(R6
C$5LJ
NULXAC8SHS0!UZ&G[-!N?
 13KR0
MB)K[JR *:!Q&%CQA

ZUS=N@-
JUM
,5FH$.88^KL;1Y1?I$=/CHC5X$*
M[LEB'F4[XCTVC

W4ZC351(G&85*.7V5I0[MW3([MWIXL\HVL$W=7(4-LJ9\55







G(


L^;NMX(R^VG7TCRB4

M


YH\Z32D_T?-?TH&

(




M/8:/QW9\Q
_L3QV#]YH?#Q2U)]'16KA>&H=%
W8F:(=2&O;)7@)N6?2^%$V-



MX1E


MQ
MKH ?(/8+6_RKF JI\4@F788M4UU(SX!Y.N@9/P^_?Q)XU;EM3?([
C'6G
MR
5:I&*]DZ1B+;*MTIT'.1XG090&2[9-/93=+0\GT I7UZV %[\\JUIYEI
MMOL))W=QBA572(;-WQNYUJ F%+)T#3^.'$K!KDD*76G0$.G7+4D?//6Z72M!


M/21U%DYKZK


-V7
:2@MT*(BU79_QEP[C]11J&4

M+6#+355CKU*#R6(^:$Y@+


6E&)[M


+.A(']0L ?%M&3P$P:





MIEP Y/?E=7SNA?1&_DBVG]J#)OOF)P-8SRH/T%8:JHA#E\$]1I\'$=I@+[&2
MT74B=NM*$P0UWQ3YT0!=8)LX#3KR]\TJ9







$NI7:T0%B MBU:R',:#[-3$L87.'O4B
M@I.67
K=4NME+%PGM5;PPNU?Z:H^FH/?=K%-W3T;[=6
'I78*!$;.9[9XG

$^R=Q'ZS*UM_[HMDF1S0@9%2?-$*



M6QW -Q/D#)5DLCND_^N+4?OB+)*ZLNRO)\[X0]'_%]W0E::F;JM_L^U$1_O:

MM
16342K -4?T#_@NU/\A
.8):LX\=9!YH7!+W0CE;;\GPT^@
#



ERNMT2



M247AU2

M]2@

M=(WH+!\\1
$]L664
0K.#5V$ T81=HK391*LBRX4[:@


<1.'2J3MF!\8MI[!$
C%ESC#'$Y9CO'!DF
MYLZ*ES\UO8^D
/R50Z4#[)&#UUQFH)B5G#F.0
C


^I




MP(0VAT?H )5BT.?4 ?\+2DC*_7P=0:&Q.9KW;68]
V+82AS[ST$8SB/_@LQ$

ME7$
J_W

K:]0T

4U7KD#MJ6'O12?8O[O1725X+47^
P/3CXD]=]9

*+.^!M[^F@V64G__5YG-S@


Q*.W(







Z; 6^=]+88D@\DXLJ@MF]954T#[!#7(
!HN:M
HK)@32; OXK#8EE
M NA1@8U$'=UTA20N<G5A#B&ON[F$&7MZ-%W([K9;K




MN?=P18*EFV=;;8!?




MY^/;^
I+?A9=D8K+04:T4C+L+:ZL&*U(S2B+$:W;$O+!:L.!+VG@M ( E':L


MZ542+S'VT]O')

M


.2+9H
=2FCN0)OMBX90!9V++
MG



Y==NPE9)^S. ./-C8MZGB4!^:FJ)'36
M4DB'3$&


M4U%PAKB*
W2
'X(HLDOQX(1%#9Z@_\^X
.
JWKD'-RU_./]WL^L33NYB^14!

'!=8N3E63UU'XV)-]652_0%73)LI61K]U#,FF
M!NAJ]7JF1&W=5Y8YAZZ)6
D]994LU
YMYOB _!&2ZL+:
?D\3B'&QYZ5Y&
MJ C'8*:W16OF
^L8(*M-$0*AH;5IE +SVHBEPE[7*_$MMIEM^JO;B]JFTHJ)



M@S6D1=T3=D^B60



CIUMH0_D




B2Z9]FZ_(QOL9
MDS^G.

MQD-2A2Z;+\#S/'N

9KH
NV;
D!\7R6W\'#5Z
M7%6R+X(,I(,<2UG5J*A[AFCM!!(UN\(; PL4


.@.2#G3'


MMR]AV5*6TYZ&67QV%5ZG8H  W48K
 -+.&3S$
M36H\VP%HZI'BT


MX%*9




EG'&_00,0S]59/8\]H9E0EU8Q\^(UXH[<ER;C&
M7GB6DJ[%138MLG^X99E9=5']7:H W_OUT-<6(0V5B+A(M)/I"8A!FK=%?;M
MT7V[,_W'K+=O2!VBBAS#LT(ERHI5/K4-(Q3@9'V(##3.]^#X]8CHVL0[F\=
ML_=V\\X=


F:+2=
%3\
MXVEQ:W%5OM )TB'(RT%B'Y62(1CA%=*'1'8QX@@JM$VNACKJK3TT'FA0G (&
M[

0++R(?O_P%-T_^\G+P




9'


 %S8 %[8%IIEW15;

K^5\[GL74X;
N_S?!P$LEL%;$5=#=WX
MCB

OIC&Z ;U0BUSQZQCO57^
G'.68)AIZB-C
Q%V4

M

@YT
(O(/[]9G(_IWIGAQ?Y:2@QU9BV0

MD-$S1T-&S6W2A%W'#AL5@DN

UW%@!HIADHL*P0




8AZ2#4KI%RS:+[+%X'Y4F?5!^8R4]CTXC

F&D&@5/&8


L.:Z0*+KJNX
-:F

MLY?[4Z
9Z)6XGOB2G&E3FKFN*@QQ:8
D_[30



O!PO?:&L'NK

M%


L??M NM







3+\

G8[TV*TCSKQ <Z1 7\L8TT?'%V*

MR:_Y6VWA@ELR7AT*Y@E5:5B NU8+H
(\3JM!9+WUO'CL#=J3XM

M--@L-=#ZN-.98AHW

M

J UM@*5=PJP5PONW$1TX(S5J7OA'19L)PM.AD)A;$]
HIM9P*:T


M0 


@HFE_%2<FYA]V=FF%32_RC

MN_R1?V Y%%N@B^6 [)T 1T!C;@E-=+:L6_K/=I^B!'MA\ LYW\?D1) NHMTM

A\::0)!RDX NTFFZV-$)IM2!OKGX;\L39[6FI+A)


M;;2 U1#2_NKVBB&MM&):TZ#6*TH4@6D]A5K?Q*'-+(B\4+)9@M;C?.OJV'
MU2C[7?6.0






4S[$6WC[A*9R$+CP=5!5GX

1/:BD

M5JPRK)='98A)L)?B4\S_O8A*4B=M6)G1IQ:88XSU@Z!UR^MEQ+^PMU:818-U


2BG=PBRQWCD2Q%H_DD
M8QTUQNL0_VC2\^-A_3+P[H*0[\TBGXW.QS@D9D]Y;E$)LK6?07%LJA?X:0!5
M)+$;T:JLWWKK./T=.L7WP3*PX=X\1/


^1J2IG9KCKQ
^1]XQU131





M



MFH! Y3
_A3P=?=PK0=ME(J:$:L:L;K==,(?T(M&_:!\3/BF/-H C6F9(5(
M:W'/


%#9L6OJ7VJ\);C;!]
9CH



4GF!9&#H90&-F@[^IEUR;[=J[@+2#
*38:S
M+E4

U1.B)V;)

M?DJCQRL'T?LJ2ZMDU!E]:H&CR%@_($D1DX
.&\AMKJ=E5&H&<

M8^GVLU7

ME#8C/Z4!
1_[-7-G_D@
?


9=

MU_?GOQ
M\0OG\*

MHY2M#


 L-U45RQHP0:\RVM3X;XNV&%L%9^

'^4

MM1UTV%D^8C_G+ A40T8/A5&A#P^@*5VJ'!D/PQNTE3-A6#3MSRWF*@Z#Y48W


MM1D:T-+ 7BQ S?^?;


M=I; K6=EPV71
VD#!+#;5'0E2JDKH
=%;?T7+/-V#]]:Y;N149
=&YTPDYEG
R:S

M





M     #6A8),'1';4A0O  FF 
 %0   &YC87 M
C Q-S$R





MB#.SV


M*QAHE$=.QH8.U[?37;]PQ6#UV8LTQR_24IQ:P6
]LB


R1$_ZPCQK4)XX
U*@
[\C!S?

M#A9%CCO

\1YR8((L6&!RIO
MA A 9@%1=&7CKB)Y\0^0Q+8C











MTT(&FUBO(O+@WQ'7HDSL5BY%!453!*:BF]LRO*;%Q^22+.%7DL\89(BYHD
M%SFOV

HRR.VM2J?L^




M_HR_!R
=X3/X9IHW(#JF.2BQF5Z*Z




MH9A!@BBRB

=AQJ M!P.;22M(%A2/1;X4ARP\E7D%%#944C*VL=F^
M-]Z*!/&=AH2U-+. D)15#!25&@)LMG&!6A*FC_RY&J!!G+B![XDGCQHM-5

RR7UL:/



 D



!4#N?9[Z*P9N
M3?'E*QLLOP(.@ ![]C8# V\2,7O.M]WCZ?8Q^<JSL-$P<($
 %$BM2S=)A
M@38

'VYR7*


+$ 8@7N@?_CO!5



WS,+EV+
M@M<EJ[7Q_(9318RQW0^XMBA+KAWML!M/MQP 0T)=Y_D-@1(,L87V'^O#WTM




H
OBY@\K$U]4Z=WBZ[T29Y*UTWP# V.&2-60*Y(

3D\
MPYF#;#A]CY:+ET*!H6USO*
;!'Y?!


M%


71SEPS*T




$B*3*-S76Q96D;.+QSFWN.9(-_10/;
W[3NNF



S]-WM_P(WW3TYF

/.KR0A%&I0@-&*8$JP!0




MGR#U6;B]C57J?Y07-FJF0PPCF


L[ON=5885/W]?L5&




'
KK')$ *YJ5^U4O)=))JQ9=

S1

5$9=Z-S
/O()4
MO25C-%$MF
S12Q-&EA;=7?;E'
7O@5U&3&8)&SH14M5(@RKSJK$Q*#!*M+^
MPQ'7 N^]2WOCMB$;Q


RSNLKNN_UV\8\N1B!/L32-W=^.]#X5;GTJL




+?/G'Y'
M+/=3$(HHJ:0J;^0A#F+'&/BH13=6A=<DC_U$18N^=]/B/EKR$2'(+E&/I=7Z
M?G0!Q%G_G06-)OK5C[JRD[^OH(,0 B7Y!HKXVTS0\L55R7NYX3P E.?+9+;





&8ODO!%CU)OQ E]]CVW_&S\AI^6?
M;Z$C<Q1;FVACUG@I%9[ZNDWLD.ZHN&Z$]57A1(\.K *U<]:&5;8ARF K+H%




)$

M*K)4S9X3[^D/1RTYIB'!)L?KB'DTOJ+L.=?T*7ZZ[PM9/!(&B$]1P4BIJ0!0

M-VPS!1QAWP(RC=Q;.H5V=SHUD4BH
+:T5J

M/_

XOD+


S;IA\9D(]
,E(A4L$P^&4LPUO.$\Y2<GGB
M-@$$)#FF-Q2-QR5;$)8D_*E$6K(:&

T&[6F@'O_G


M#A-'?DQ9KL(VH)59DKMBB-U@
&OPGE97J7Q
!J47QTLX?1J)XR41-^^]V?9%

*X
7@!MDE]Q:V0\71S340B%7DYY!(!


W





MMBC[Q7(+?B5U61





;OV K[WWEC6$R:\^^@QH ZUV!J0F$Y- V2F
M!0 %]'I:4S7KQ9C%M\I-;LZRMON?I&4TS&LE4










/X:




(YU3&@


_+(V;D21TDA_%#*.&O[

M:G
;




_YL/#RDM;@[F:JY;M\H72XLRL0\7*?H]







MC:&F(:NNLLX!W9^ 9PE%8S 7H?QM@^?@?[/J@)_=B3 GW45\0WT?UX5^/,C
M ?Z\J^!PH'\X[+ZD@NG ET3E-W=8#?0/IQHMJ6 Z\5)17M\KFV(Y.\UDO]6
M.+='GG



6=PC[QS(_

188Z.5B!8_HR/YL#7TFL7G-AP7%O
M[]3PO3,.OG==!??&O<%IGS,_FP-?SF?%?!]4
/WP3CX/@R!MH-;9W#K#&X=
MM%+![]:YB +.3Q,[#\B&M DT+=5OXZB1P2.'05U@V=G\.P,GIW!LS-X=C!Z
M=CZJK9N/QEDW'X=#Z\&Z&:R;P;I!*Y4FK)O-#^*?1RL@__CK_P=02P$% 
4

M
#$W
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #6A8)


%@  NZP! !4

4  &YC87 M
C Q-S$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -:%@DQ#

4     #6A8),'1';4A0O  FF 
 %0

