

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-18-000544
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180129
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001544861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				273999874
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54857
		FILM NUMBER:		18557103
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PAPE DRIVE
		CITY:			ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		848-466-9607
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PAPE DRIVE
		CITY:			ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07716















Washington
 D.C. 20549








December 31
 2016












NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
























Atlantic Highlands
 New Jersey 07716












 including area code)


 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


 and no disclosure will be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; and &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):





























 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 




 par value $.001
 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016 was 3
800
000.
























 2010.


 we filed a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of up to 3
000
000 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $0.10 per share. The registration statement went effective on August 13
 2012. We were unable to raise any money pursuant to the prior Registration Statement.


 that is exempt from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act)
 that eases restrictions on the sale of securities and increases the number of shareholders a company must have before becoming subject to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC's) reporting and disclosure rules (See Emerging Growth Companies Section Below). The Company has selected December 31 as its year end.




 which we refer to in this report as the senior population. We believe that many formerly popular brand names that were discontinued by their parent company still resonate with the senior population and if so revived and made available in supermarkets and other retail establishments
 would attract this population and others as consumers.


 he or she often feels left behind and tends to remember the good old days when life was simpler. We believe we can tap into these feelings and use it as a trigger for purchasing decisions
 as studies have shown that seniors miss their youth and many of the products which they used during childhood that are no longer available. Older adults have a preference to purchase brands which have been established for a long time. We believe that the combination of familiarity and positive associations linger as a person ages
 and we intend to build on these associations to revive a retail presence for one or more discontinued consumer product brands that at one time were widely recognized.


 2010 (Inception) to December 31
 2016
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(121
083). Due to the newly-established nature of our business
 we expect to incur losses as we expand. To date
 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations. Furthermore
 there is no assurance the net proceeds from any financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the early stages of our operations. For these reasons
 our independent registered public accounting firm believes that there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern.




 or on the internet.&nbsp;














 we have researched over 100 discontinued products and are focusing upon 20 of these products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products
 as follows:&nbsp;








. Bit-O-Licorice
 Big Yank
 Old Nick and Hollywood candy bars.










. Amazo Instant Dessert
 Ballard Cornbread Mix
 Cocomalt
 Hydrox Cookies
 Krumbles Cereal
 Ann Page Pork and Beans
 Pep Cereal
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal and Van Camp's Chili Con Carne.










. Calox Tooth Powder
 Chipso Laundry Soap
 Forhans for the Gums
 Rapid Shave
 Shower Mate
 Stopette Deodorant and Sun 'N' Surf.

















 2015 (the &#8220;WF 2015&#8221;). We believe this large and growing segment of the population are a viable demographic market with more financial resources and an increasing awareness of their power as consumers. According to the article titled &#8220;Targeting the mature market: opportunities and challenges&#8221;
 Journal of Consumer Marketing
 Vol. 14 No. 4 1997
 pp. 282 &#8211; 293
 by George Moschis (Director of the Center for Mature Consumer Studies at Georgia State University)
 Euehun Lee and Anil Mathur
 there were approximately 55 million people aged 55 and older and 33 million aged 65 and older in the USA
 and the US elder population is expected to double by the year 2030.






















 Director of the Center for Mature Consumer Studies at Georgia State University).









 and nearly a quarter of householders aged 65 to 69 have a net worth of $250
000 or more (George Moschis
 Director of the Center for Mature Consumer Studies at Georgia State University).











 May 28-31 and June 10-July 12
 2015
 about four-in-ten adults ages 65 and older (39%) do not use the internet
 compared with only 3% of 18- to 29-year-olds.&nbsp;


 West Virginia
 Delaware
 Pennsylvania and Montana. According to the United States Census Bureau
 31 states had a proportion of older people that exceeded the national proportion of 14.1%.&nbsp;













Marketing
 Advertising and Distribution


 due to the fact that there is still a substantial percentage (39%) of the U.S. senior population (exceeding 47 million persons) who do not use the internet
 we plan to market our anticipated product brands using a combination of radio and print media advertising. Advertising over the radio is expected to commence in the areas most concentrated with a senior population. Our website will not initially offer our products for sale
 but rather will direct potential consumers to area retail outlets carrying our products.&nbsp;


 we intend to purchase advertising space for particular regions of major weekend supplements including
 but not limited to
 Parade and AARP Magazine
 to target our market and advise the senior population that their favorite brands are once again available at retail stores in their area. We intend to purchase the advertising space through cash payments and payments in the form of shares of our common stock. We believe that advertising can be purchased for cash or stock with little or no lead time and at substantial discounts from prevailing market prices for remainders which are sections of a national run by these and other publications when not sold by print time; provided however
 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in purchasing advertising space through cash or stock payments or at all.&nbsp;


 it will be easier to retain independent manufacturer's representatives to sell our products to regional buyers at independent retailers and retailers will be more likely to stock our products as a result of advertising-generated demand. These independent representatives also obviate the need for us to have sales personnel on our payroll
 thus keeping our labor costs down. We expect independent representatives will charge us a fee of between 5% and 15% of any sales brokered by them with potential bonuses for meeting pre-determined sales levels.&nbsp;


 including
 but not limited to
 supermarket chains
 drug stores
 gas station marts
 mass merchandisers and warehouse clubs.&nbsp;




 distribution and storage. All of our products will be shipped directly to consumers from third-party manufacturers or distributors.&nbsp;




 highly competitive and is dominated by large multinational companies including
 but not limited to
 Nestle
 Kraft Foods
 Mars
 Proctor &amp; Gamble and Unilever
 as well as smaller competitors
 many of whom have already established their brand name recognition in our proposed markets. In addition
 many of our competitors have significantly larger marketing personnel and financial resources than we have and competition for shelf space in grocery stores and other retail outlets is intense
 costly and poses great difficulty for smaller food and consumer product companies and distributors.


 these efforts will not guarantee that we will be competitive or that our business plan will be successful. Further
 we intend to compete with other companies that see the value of reintroducing discontinued product brands.&nbsp;


 price
 quality and efficacy of products
 customer service
 brand name recognition and marketing and trade support
 and successful product introductions.&nbsp;
















 we will endeavor to purchase all relevant trademarks
 trade names
 trade secrets and other intellectual property of the consumer product brands which we aim to acquire. 




 we have not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. We do not currently plan to spend any material funds on research and development activities in the future.




 neither of whom are expected to be full-time employees. Our officers are responsible for planning
 developing and operational duties
 and will continue to do so throughout the early stages of our growth. We have no intention of hiring employees until our business has been successfully launched and we have sufficient
 reliable revenue from our operations
 which is not expected for at least the next 12 months.&nbsp;Although we cannot reliably estimate the percentage of time each of our executive officers will spend on behalf of our Company prior to the successful launch of our business
 of which we can give no assurance of success
 they have each committed to spend such time as they deem reasonably necessary to launch our business. Mr. McDermitt is available to work as a full-time employee if and when we successfully launch our business. Mr. O'Donnell
 our CFO
 will re-evaluate his time commitments to us if and when we successfully launch our business.


 once available. We have not yet identified any such independent representatives.




 and accordingly there is no public trading market for our common stock. Further
 no public trading market is expected to develop in the foreseeable future unless and until the Company completes a business combination with an operating business and the Company thereafter files a registration statement under the Securities Act. Therefore
 outstanding shares of our common stock cannot be offered
 sold
 pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant to
 or exempt from registration under
 the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. Shares of our common stock cannot be sold under the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 144 or Section 4(1) of the Securities Act (&#8220;Rule 144&#8221;) as long as the Company is designated a &#8220;shell company&#8221; and for 12 months after it ceases to be a &#8220;shell company&#8221;
 provided the Company otherwise is in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations. Compliance with the criteria for securing exemptions under federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states is extremely complex
 especially in respect of those exemptions affording flexibility and the elimination of trading restrictions in respect of securities received in exempt transactions and subsequently disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or state securities laws.













000
000
000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics
 setting the threshold to the nearest 1
000
000) or more;






























 during the previous 3-year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
000 in non-convertible debt; or









 as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17
 Code of Federal Regulations
 or any successor thereto.&#8217;.


 we are permitted to
 and intend to
 rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company
 we will not be required to:


















 an auditor discussion and analysis); 









 such as &#8220;say-on-pay&#8221; and &#8220;say-on-frequency;&#8221; and 











 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.


 as amended
 defines a Smaller Reporting Company as an issuer that is not an investment company
 an asset-backed issuer
 or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that:









 computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity
 in the principal market for the common equity; or









 had a public float of less than $75 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement
 computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus
 in the case of a Securities Act registration statement
 the number of such shares included in the registration statement by the estimated public offering price of the shares; or









 had annual revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which audited financial statements are available.


 as a Smaller Reporting Company and so long as we remain a Smaller Reporting Company
 we benefit from similar exemptions and exclusions as an Emerging Growth Company. In the event that we cease to be an Emerging Growth Company as a result of a lapse of the five year period
 but continue to be a Smaller Reporting Company
 we would continue to be subject to similar exemptions available to Emerging Growth Companies until such time as we were no longer a Smaller Reporting Company.














 NE.
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site
 contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information with respect to issuers that file electronically with the SEC.





As a company with limited operations and an unproven business strategy
 our limited history of operations makes evaluation of our business and prospects difficult.


 2010 and our business is in its early planning stages and has not commenced operations. Our business prospects are difficult to predict because of our limited operating history
 early stage of establishment and unproven business strategy. While we intend to focus on acquiring rights to and reviving discontinued consumer product brands
 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan. We may never generate revenues or attain profitable operations
 and our management may not succeed in realizing our business objectives. 

We are uncertain of our ability to function as a going concern
 indicating the possibility that we may not be able to operate in the future.


 we have completed only the initial stages of our business plan and we can provide no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue
 if any
 from our business in order to achieve profitability. It is not possible at this time for us to predict with assurance the potential success of our business. The revenue and income potential of our proposed business and operations are as of yet unknown. Our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This opinion could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds by issuing debt or equity securities or otherwise. If we fail to raise sufficient capital when needed
 we will not be able to completely execute our business plan. As a result
 we may have to cease our business and liquidate any assets we own and purchasers of our common stock may lose their entire investment. 

Our business will fail if we are unable to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
 market and sell discontinued consumer product brands or otherwise implement our business plan successfully.


 among other things
 on our ability to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
 market and sell discontinued consumer product brands. It is our current plan to purchase the intellectual property and other rights to certain discontinued consumer product brands; however
 we currently do not own any intellectual property and have not obtained any copyrights
 patents or trademarks in respect of any intellectual property. Our business will fail if we cannot successfully implement our business plan or successfully market our planned products. 




 we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks
 our business will most likely fail. 

If our views on the purchasing power of nostalgia as a driver for sales of consumer products is erroneous
 our financial condition and results of operations will likely suffer.


 especially considering that any brands we may acquire were likely discontinued due to a lack of sales or popularity at such time. If such views turn out to be erroneous
 our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected and our business may fail. 













We intend to enter a competitive market which could impact our ability to gain market share and accordingly
 could harm our financial performance.


 there are a number of companies
 many of which are established
 adequately funded and which sell numerous products which would compete with any brands we may acquire. If we cannot gain shelf space for our planned products at retailers or gain market share
 our business and financial performance will be adversely affected. 




 generate operating revenues and achieve profitability depends upon our ability to obtain the necessary financing to implement our business plan. We will require financing through the issuance of additional debt and/or equity in order to implement our business plan
 including identifying
 acquiring and distributing consumer products
 building inventory
 hiring additional personnel as needed and eventually establishing profitable operations. Such financing may not be forthcoming. As it has been widely reported
 global and domestic financial markets and economic conditions have been
 and continue to be
 disrupted and volatile due to a variety of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 weak economic conditions. As a result
 the cost of raising money in the debt and equity capital markets has increased substantially while the availability of funds from those markets has diminished significantly
 even more so for smaller companies like ours. If such conditions and constraints continue
 we may not be able to acquire funds either through credit markets or through equity markets and
 even if financing is available
 it may not be available on terms which we find favorable. Failure to secure funding when needed will have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our obligations and remain in business. 

If our estimates related to expenditures are erroneous or inaccurate
 our business may fail.


 including
 but not limited to
 the expenditures we expect to incur as a public reporting company
 costs relating to acquiring rights to consumer product brands and commercialization of those brands
 website development
 and advertising and administrative expenses all of which management estimates will cost an aggregate minimum of approximately $300
000 over the next 12 months. If such estimates are erroneous or inaccurate
 or we encounter unforeseen expenses and delays
 we may not be able to carry out our business plan
 which could result in the failure of our business. 

If we are unable to identify and retain qualified personnel
 our business and financial performance may suffer.


 our business will suffer. 




 our Chief Executive Officer and sole Director
 and Mr. Edward O'Donnell
 our Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
 upon whom we are relying to implement our business plan. The loss of the services of either Mr. McDermitt or Mr. O'Donnell could negatively impact our ability to select and commercialize potential brands
 which would adversely affect our financial results and impair our operations. 


 or cause a delay in
 launching and developing our business and in meeting the reporting requirements of a public company. 
















 he has no experience serving as an officer and/or director of a publicly traded company or experience with the reporting requirements which public companies are subject to. In addition
 Mr. McDermitt has no experience with the financial accounting and preparation requirements of financial statements which are required to be filed quarterly and annually under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. Due to lack of financial resources
 we were unable to timely file a number of our annual and quarterly reports with the SEC in the past. Consequently
 our operations and ultimate financial success may suffer substantial harm due to our chief executive officer's lack of experience with publicly traded companies and the financial accounting and preparation requirements of the Exchange Act. 




 we are in the process of rectifying our delinquency. It is the management&#8217;s intention to meet the SEC&#8217;s requirements and to be up to date in all of our filings
 but we cannot ensure it because of the Company's lack of financial resources. It is possible that the SEC could take enforcement action against us
 including potentially the de-registration of our securities
 if we fail to file our annual and quarterly reports in a timely manner as required by the SEC. If the SEC were to take any such actions
 it could adversely affect the liquidity of the future trading in our common stock and the amount of information about our Company that is publicly available.

In the event we are delinquent with respect to our reporting requirements in the future
 the Securities and Exchange Commission may revoke the registration of our common stock and
OTC Bulletin Board
 quotation of our common stock will be terminated. 


 in the future
 we are delinquent with respect to our reporting requirements
 the Commission may revoke the registration of our common stock. If the Commission revokes the registration of our common stock
 brokers
 dealers and other market participants would be prohibited from buying
 selling
 making a market in
 publishing quotations of
 or otherwise effecting transactions with respect to such common stock until
 in the case of suspension
 the lifting of such suspension
 or
 in the case of a revocation
 we file a new registration statement with the Commission under the Exchange Act and that registration statement is declared effective. As a result
 public trading of our common stock would cease and investors would find it extraordinarily difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock or obtain accurate price quotations for our common stock
 which could result in a significant decline in the value of our stock. In addition
 any business which we acquire or start may be adversely impacted
 including
 without limitation
 an adverse impact on our ability to issue stock to raise equity capital
 engage in business combinations or provide employee incentives. 


 if our shares become quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 we will be required to remain current in our filings with the SEC and our securities will not be eligible for quotation if we are not current in our filings with the SEC. In the event that we become delinquent in our required filings with the SEC
 quotation of the common stock will be terminated following a 30 day grace period if we do not make our required filing during that time. 






 or
 if developed
 be sustained. Our Common Stock may never be quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board
 or
 even if quoted
 a public market may not materialize. 













Because we will be subject to penny stock rules if our shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board
 the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced.


 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and
 if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market
 and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition
 broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. Consequently
 these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
 in the secondary market for a security subject to the penny stock rules. If a trading market does develop for our common stock
 these regulations will likely be applicable
 and investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. 




 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for certain customers. FINRA requirements will likely make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result
 fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock
 reducing a stockholder's ability to resell shares of our common stock. 

State securities laws may limit secondary trading
 which may restrict the states in which stockholders may sell their shares. 


 such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals
 is available for secondary trading in such state. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in registering or qualifying our common stock for secondary trading
 or identifying an available exemption for secondary trading in our common stock in every state. If we fail to register or qualify
 or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of our common stock in any particular state
 the shares of common stock cannot be offered or sold to
 or purchased by
 a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock
 the market for the common stock will be limited
 which could drive down the market price of our common stock
 and reduce the liquidity of the shares of our common stock and a stockholder's ability to resell shares of our common stock at all or at current market prices
 which could increase a stockholder's risk of losing some or all of his investment. 













If quoted
 the price of our common stock may be volatile
 which may substantially increase the risk that stockholder's may not be able to sell their shares at or above the price which they paid for the shares.


 the market price of our common stock may be volatile. It may fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors: 




















 or the inability to so acquire assets or achieve milestones;












































 if any;























Because we do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock
 holders of our common stock must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment.


 and we do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 holders of our common stock will have to rely upon capital appreciation
 if any
 to earn a return on their investment in our common stock. 




000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value
 of which 3
800
000 shares of common stock are currently issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common and preferred stock and to determine the rights
 preferences and privilege of such shares
 without consent of any of our stockholders. We may issue shares in connection with financing arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuances will result in immediate dilution to our existing stockholders' interests
 which will negatively affect the value of their shares. 


 or the possibility that these sales may occur
 also may make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital by selling equity securities in the future
 at a time and price that we deem appropriate. 


 if any
 that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock may have on the market price of our common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our common stock
 including
 but not limited to
 shares issued in connection with an acquisition or the perception that such sales or distributions could occur
 may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Any issuance of preferred stock would make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock
 which would depress the price of our common stock.


 limitations and relative rights of shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series
 without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our preferred stock may be issued with voting
 liquidation
 dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us
 discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price and adversely affecting the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 













We will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company
 and our management will devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. We may fail to comply with the rules that apply to public companies
 which could result in sanctions or other penalties that would harm our business.


 accounting and other expenses as a public company
 including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and regulations regarding corporate governance practices
 such as accurately and timely filing annual and interim reports
 soliciting proxies for annual and special meetings of stockholders
 conflicts of interest policies and a code of conduct. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. Moreover
 the reporting requirements
 rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Any changes we make to comply with these obligations may not be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis
 or at all. These reporting requirements
 rules and regulations
 coupled with the increase in potential litigation exposure associated with being a public company
 could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or board committees or to serve as executive officers
 or to obtain certain types of insurance
 including directors' and officers' insurance
 on acceptable terms. 


 we will be subject to Section 404 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules of the SEC
 which generally require our management and if we meet certain requirements
 our independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404 generally requires an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However
 for so long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act
 we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies
 including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404. Once we are no longer an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company or
 if prior to such date
 we opt to no longer take advantage of the applicable exemption
 we will be required to include an opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. 


 with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016.&nbsp;Based upon this evaluation
 Management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
 as appropriate.&nbsp; The Company has been delinquent in its reporting due to lack of financial resources; management identified certain deficiencies in internal control that consider to be material weaknesses.


 we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We or our independent registered public accounting firm
 if required
 may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting
 which could harm our operating results
 cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price of our stock to fall. In addition
 failure to maintain an effective system of internal control
 or any other problems with our financial systems or internal controls
 could result in delays or inaccuracies in reporting financial information or failure to comply with SEC reporting and other regulatory requirements. Any of these situations could adversely affect our business and stock price. 
















 which are companies that have a non-affiliate public float of less than $75 million. As long as we qualify as an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company
 we would be permitted to omit the auditor's attestation on internal control over financial reporting that would otherwise be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 as described above and are also exempt from the requirement to submit say-on-pay
 say-on-pay frequency and say-on-parachute votes to our stockholders and may avail ourselves of reduced executive compensation disclosure that is already available to smaller reporting companies. 


 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this until we are no longer an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of this exemption. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. In addition
 the JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company to test the waters by communicating orally or in writing with qualified institutional buyers or other accredited investors to gauge interest in a contemplated securities offering
 even if a registration statement has not yet been filed
 and permits analysts to publish research reports about an emerging growth company that is going public even if the analyst's firm is one of the underwriters in the issuer's IPO. We have not provided any of such information to any qualified institutional buyers or other accredited investors
 and we are not aware of any research reports about us being published by analysts.


 (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion
 or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Until such time
 however
 we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile and could cause our stock price to decline. 




 Atlantic Highlands
 New Jersey 07716 as our business address.






 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
084
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. As of June 30
 2016
 $500 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company intends to negotiate an extension. 



















Item 5. Market for Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


 we will have to satisfy certain criteria in order for our common stock to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. There can be no assurance that our common stock will ever be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or that any market for our common stock will develop. We currently have no market maker that is willing to list quotations for our common stock. There is no assurance that a trading market will develop
 or
 if developed
 that it will be sustained.




000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;). 




 our policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 to develop and market our business. The payment of dividends in the future will depend upon factors including
 but not limited to
 our earnings
 capital requirements
 and operating financial conditions.








 the Company has not issued any securities which were not registered under the Securities Act.


 2011 and January 13
 2012
 we issued 3
800
000 shares of our common stock to 44 investors
 at a purchase price of $0.01 per share
 or aggregate proceeds of $38
000. These shares were issued in a series of transactions in reliance upon an exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act set forth in Section 4(a)(5) thereof and Regulation D promulgated thereunder for transactions not involving any public offering. The Registrant believes that the exemption was available because the offer and sale of the securities did not involve a public offering and because of the limited number of recipients
 each of the purchaser&#8217;s representation of sophistication in financial matters
 and his or her access to information concerning the Registrant. No underwriters were involved in the foregoing sales of securities.


 but may be sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act or Rule 144 of the Securities Act.


 on August 13
 2015
 the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) to raise $350
000. The SEC declared the registration statement effective as of June 29
 2016. No shares have been issued under the registration statement.




















 the Company is not required to provide this information.



The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operation should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and information relating to our business that reflect our current views and assumptions with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties
 including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 10
 that may cause our or our industry&#8217;s actual results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities laws of the United States
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any update or revisions of any of the forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or to conform these statements to actual results. We are in a developmental stage. We have not generated any revenues to date. Our entire activity since our inception has been to launch our planned business and prepare for our proposed fundraising through an offering of our equity securities.




 with the ultimate goal of reviving these products and commercializing them
 based on an idea that nostalgia for such brands will be a powerful incentive to purchase among the senior population. We believe that many formerly popular brand names that were discontinued by their parent companies still resonate with the senior population and if so revived and made available in supermarkets and other retail establishments
 would attract this population and others as consumers.


 2010 (Inception) to December 31
 2016
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $121
083. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 we have generated net losses of $7
343. Due to the early nature of our business
 we expect to incur losses as we expand. From inception to date
 our cash flow requirements have been met in part by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations. Furthermore
 there is no assurance the net proceeds from any successful financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the initial stages of our operations. For these reasons
 our independent registered public accounting firm believes that there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;






 the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus
 an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and
 as a result
 we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for private companies. 
















 we have spent time researching our proposed business and identifying potential product acquisitions. We intend to purchase rights to
 and develop
 our website at the following address: www.nostalgiafamilybrands.com. 




 2010. 


 2016
 our operating expenses were primarily comprised of selling
 general and administrative expenses and professional fees of $7
343. 


 2015
 our operating expenses were primarily comprised of selling
 general and administrative expenses and professional fees of $5
475. 


 2016 are $16
800
 consisting entirely of a prepaid expense. 


 2015 are $17
000
 consisting entirely of a prepaid expense. 




 among other things
 on our ability to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
 market and sell discontinued consumer product brands. Our business will fail if we cannot successfully implement our business plan
 or successfully market our planned products. Additionally
 if our views on the strength of nostalgia as a driver for sales of consumer products is erroneous
 our financial condition and results of operations would likely suffer. See &#8220;Risk Factors&#8211;Risks Related to our Business.&#8221;




 we have not generated any revenues. We will require additional funding in order to continue operations for the next 12 months. If we do complete the implementation of our business plan
 we may nevertheless not be able to generate sufficient revenues to become profitable
 and will likely need additional funding to continue operations. We may never secure any additional funding necessary to continue our operations. On August 13
 2015 we filed with the Securities Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000
 which was declared effective as of June 29
 2016. No funds have been raised under the registration statement. If we need additional funds
 we may seek to obtain additional funds through additional private placement(s) of equity or debt. We have no other financing plans at this time.




 recurring losses from operations
 and our need for additional financing in order to fund our operations. 
















 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements &#8211; Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements. 


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
 Revenue Recognition. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance
 after amendment is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements. 








 the Company is not required to provide this information.




 the Company is not required to provide this information.
















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.


FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2016 AND 2015




































































































































 Inc.


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years then ended. The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for the financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties and has not generated revenues since inception. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 


 PC&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 


 PC


 Texas 

 2018













NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.


























December 31






December 31




































































































































































































































































































































 $0.001 par value
 



















000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding 











































































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.





















Year Ended December 31

































































































 general and administrative expenses
































































































































Loss per common share
 basic and diluted 































Weighted average shares outstanding
 





800








800


















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.






FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2016 AND 2015



























































































































Balance-January 1
 2015





800
















































































































Balance-December 31
 2015





800




















































































































Balance-December 31
 2016 





800












































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.





















Year Ended December 31




































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year



































Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year













































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.






FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2016 AND 2015














 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to manufacture products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. 













 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. 








 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




















 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 










 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#8217;s common stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. There are no dilutive securities issued for the periods presented in the accompanying financial statements.




 2016 through the financial statement issuance date for subsequent event disclosure consideration.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements&#8212;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements. 


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &#8220;Revenue Recognition&#8221;. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.



























 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to such an entity
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company continues to rely on its stockholders to support its daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. 




 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations. 

















 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of fees. Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2016 represent a prepayment of $16
800 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions.















 2012
 the Company issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note to a third party in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing on December 31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. On November 10
 2014
 the third party assigned the note to another third party
 and the maturity date of the convertible promissory note was extended to June 30
 2018. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued interest expense of $4
000.











 2016 and 2015
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had approximately $120
000 of unused operating losses expiring beginning 2030 through 2036.


 2016
 2015
 2014
 2013 and 2012. 














 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
084
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment until approximately January 2015; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired.

















 the Company changed its accountant from Wei Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP to GBH CPAs
 PC. There were no accounting issues with respect to this change.


 practices or financial statement disclosure.






 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer&#8217;s management
 including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 an evaluation was completed by the Company&#8217;s management
 with the participation of the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Company&#8217;s management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the periods covered by this quarterly report. Based on that evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s management concluded that the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&#8217;s management
 including the Company&#8217;s CEO
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure for the reasons discussed below. However
 because of the Company&#8217;s lack of financial resources
 the Company has been delinquent in its Exchange Act filings.




 in general
 provide reasonable assurance to the Company&#8217;s management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements
 but because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 2016. The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled &#8220;Internal Control &#8211; Integrated Framework 2013&#8221; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has determined and concluded that
 as of December 31
 2016
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting were not effective.















 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&#8217;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control our financial reporting as of December 31
 2016
 the Company determined that the following items constituted a material weakness:



































 who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee
 will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. Management plans to take action and implementing improvements to our controls and procedures when our financial position permits.






 2016
 and 2015 that materially affected
 or were reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.



















Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance






 their ages and present positions are as follows:































 President and Director






















 Vice President
 and Secretary



 has had a long and varied career in marketing and advertising of food and personal products
 starting as a sales representative in 1953 for Proctor &amp; Gamble selling case foods to supermarket chains. He has held positions since then at the Drug Research Corporation selling drug products to wholesalers and chain drug stores in 11 western states
 from 1957 to 1959; Young &amp; Rubicam Advertising Agency as an account manager of personal products and baby products for Johnson &amp; Johnson
 from 1960 to 1969; and with consumer magazines in advertising sales management positions including The New York Times Magazine
 Ladies&#8217; Home Journal and McCall&#8217;s
 selling major corporations on advertising their brands in the publications
 from 1970 to 1997. Accounts have included General Foods
 Johnson &amp; Johnson
 Bristol Myers
 S.C. Johnson Co. and General Mills. Since stepping down from his sales management position at McCall&#8217;s Magazine in 1997
 Mr. McDermitt has been active as a volunteer at Riverview Hospital in Red Bank
 New Jersey. Mr. McDermitt holds a Bachelors of Science degree in Marketing from the New York University School of Commerce.

 is a certified public accountant and has been Chief Financial Officer of Audio Eye Communications
 Inc
 a software service company since February 2013. From December 2010 to January 2013
 Mr. O&#8217;Donnell
 was Vice President
 Finance
 of Augme Technologies
 Inc.
 a mobile marketing and technology company. Prior to that
 until November 2010
 he was the Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of Carlyle Capital Group. Prior to that
 he was the Senior Vice President of Finance &amp; Investor Relations at ACTV
 Inc. a digital media company prior to its acquisition by Liberty Media. He has provided financial and modeling expertise for many innovative projects from inception through deployment and has implemented systems and controls that lead to accurate and timely financial results. Mr. O&#8217;Donnell is a member of the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. O&#8217;Donnell holds a B. S. Degree in accounting from Villanova University
 and in 2003
 he received Master of Business Administration degree from Columbia University.


 if any
 has been elected and qualified
 or until the earlier of his resignation
 removal from office
 or death.
















 the Company has no significant employees other than our executive officers
 neither of whom are expected to be full-time employees.




 executive officers
 or persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become directors or executive officers.




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
084
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. As of June 30
 2016
 $500 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company intends to negotiate an extension
 which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete raising $350
000 in a private offering pursuant to the Form S-1
 which went effective on June 29
 2016.








 compensation committee
 nominating committee
 executive committee or any other committees. 






 nor do we owe
 any compensation to our officers. We have not entered into any arrangements or employment agreements with either of William McDermitt or Edward O&#8217;Donnell pursuant to which either of them will be compensated now
 or in the future for any services provided to us as an executive officer
 and we do not anticipate entering into any such arrangements or agreements until such time as we become profitable.




 including
 but not limited to
 payments to be made by us
 with respect to our officers and sole director that would result from the resignation
 retirement or any other termination of such person. There are no arrangements for sole director which would result from a change-in-control.




















 2016 with respect to: 












































 beneficial ownership includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. We have a convertible note in the principal amount of $50
000 outstanding
 the principal and interest of which can be converted into shares of common stock at a purchase price of $0.10 per share. To our knowledge
 except pursuant to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock. The address for each stockholder listed below is c/o Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 20 Pape Drive
 Atlantic Highlands
 New Jersey 07716. 




















 Director and Officer

















 Officer



































 nor are there any proposed transactions
 in which our executive officers and our sole director
 or any significant stockholder
 or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing
 had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.
















 officers or persons controlling the registrant
 the registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is therefore unenforceable.




 PC is our independent registered public accounting firm.




 2016
 and 2015
 we were billed approximately $4
000
 and $4
400
 respectively. 




 2016
 and 2015
 we paid $0 and $0
 respectively for tax fees.




 2016
 and 2015
 we paid $0 and $0
 respectively for all other fees.















Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.














































































 2012






















































 2012

































































































































































































































































































































 Statement of Operations
 Statement of Stockholder&#8217;s Equity
 Statement of Cash Flows
 and Notes to Financial Statements.
















 the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.







NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.









 2018





































 

























 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

































 2018















































 2018































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



 William P. McDermitt
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify that:






 Inc.








 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;








 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;












 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;












 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and












 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and






 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):








 process
 summarize and report financial information; and












 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting.






 2018
































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC. 



 Edward O&#8217;Donnell
 the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify that:






 Inc.








 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;








 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;












 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;












 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and












 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and






 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):








 process
 summarize and report financial information; and












 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting.













 2018






































 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K
 for the period ended December 31
 2016
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
 William P. McDermitt
 Chief Executive Officer and President of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge:








 as amended; and












 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.






 2018

































&nbsp;

 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K
 for the period ended December 31
 2016
&nbsp;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
 Edward O&#8217;Donnell
 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge:








 as amended; and












 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.











 2018

































        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    





    
    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011.&#13;The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s business model consists&#13;of plans to manufacture products that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have&#13;been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed&#13;products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that&#13;such funds
 if available


 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred

 if any
 is recognized&#13;and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion&#13;features


 warrants


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements&amp;#151;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&amp;#146;s&#13;responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and&#13;to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote&#13;disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;
 which supersedes the revenue recognition&#13;requirements in ASC 605
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should&#13;recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure&#13;about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant&#13;judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is&#13;effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of fees. Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2016 represent&#13;a prepayment of $16
800 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO


 2012
 the Company&#13;issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note to a third party in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing on December&#13;31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder&#13;of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender&amp;#146;s&#13;sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. On November 10
 2014
 the third party assigned&#13;the note to another third party
 and the maturity date of the convertible promissory note was extended to June 30
 2018. During&#13;the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued interest expense of $4


&#13;such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments

    

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred


 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to&#13;the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

 if any
 at the lender&#146;s sole option

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
&#13;Presentation of Financial Statements&amp;#151;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s&#13;Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate&#13;whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote&#13;disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments&#13;in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;
 which&#13;supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;. The core principle of this updated&#13;guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount&#13;that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule&#13;also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer&#13;contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill&#13;a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016


 2016 and 2015
 the Company&#13;has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty&#13;in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had approximately $120

 2016
 2015
 2014


 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks&#13;and uncertainties inherent to such an entity
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated&#13;any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately&#13;$5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
084
 including fees
 which is included&#13;in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with&#13;respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment until approximately January&#13;2015; however


 warrants
























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800



      


      


      


      


      


















      


      


      






      


      


      










      


      















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      




      

      




      

      




      














































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016











 Inc.





















  2016






















































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

800
000























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











800


000





800


000












883


740





883


740





000


000










Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding

800


800





200


200





083)


740)





083)


740)





800


000







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 authorized shares

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued shares

800
000


800
000



Common stock
 outstanding shares

800
000


800
000

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015























Selling
 general and administrative expenses

343


075





000


400





343


475





343)


475)



Loss per common share
 basic and diluted






Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted

800
000


800
000





























































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.
























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2014

800
000









Beginning Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2014

800


200


265)


265)









475)


475)



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2015

800
000









Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2015

800


200


740)


740)









343)


343)



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2016

800
000









Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2016

800


200


083)


083)







The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











343)


475)


























143


475

















Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year






Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year




























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011.
The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s business model consists
of plans to manufacture products that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have
been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed
products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette
Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to
make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop
its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that
such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.



































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Basis
of Accounting and Presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;).
In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

The
Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion
features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized
and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion
features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.


Income
Taxes

The
Company recognizes deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and
income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will
either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for
operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

The
provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The
Company does not have any uncertain tax positions.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Earnings
(Loss) per Share

Basic
earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock
equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#146;s
common stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
There are no dilutive securities issued for the periods presented in the accompanying financial statements.

Subsequent
Events

The
Company has evaluated all transactions from December 31
 2016 through the financial statement issuance date for subsequent event
disclosure consideration.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements&#151;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#146;s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and
to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote
disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual
periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have
a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements.

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#148;
 which supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements in ASC 605
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148;. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure
about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period.
Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not
permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial statements.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks
and uncertainties inherent to such an entity
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated
any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company continues
to rely on its stockholders to support its daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to
continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial
support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable
operations.

The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company entered into a management
consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of fees. Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2016 represent
a prepayment of $16
800 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management
functions.



































Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On December 14
 2012
 the Company
issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note to a third party in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing on December
31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder
of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender&#146;s
sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. On November 10
 2014
 the third party assigned
the note to another third party
 and the maturity date of the convertible promissory note was extended to June 30
 2018. During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued interest expense of $4
000.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







At December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company
has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty
in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had approximately $120
000 of unused operating losses expiring
beginning 2030 through 2036.


ended December 31
 2016
 2015
 2014
 2013 and 2012. 



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







A claim against
the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately
$5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
084
 including fees
 which is included
in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with
respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment until approximately January
2015; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;)
and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;). In the opinion of management
such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of
the results for the periods presented.




The Company considers all liquid investments
with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.




All sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant
to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is
fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




The Company records a beneficial conversion
feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates
that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to
the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.




The Company recognizes deferred income taxes
for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the
assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to
offset future taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.


and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns
and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions.




The preparation of financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




Basic earnings
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#146;s common
stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
There are no dilutive securities issued for the periods presented in the accompanying financial statements.




The
Company has evaluated all transactions from December 31
 2016 through the financial statement issuance date for subsequent event
disclosure consideration.




In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
Presentation of Financial Statements&#151;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote
disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments
in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods
thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#148;
 which
supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148;. The core principle of this updated
guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule
also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer
contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill
a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods
within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective
approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
financial statements.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016













  2010










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




800


000



CUBBO
 Inc. [Member]








800









Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 10
 2014
Dec. 14
 2012
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015








000


400














Convertible debt
 principal amount



000











  2015






















 if any
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share









  2018















000





































The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















000



Operating losses expiration period
 description
































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2014
Apr. 30
 2014
Jan. 17
 2014








900







084





CUBBO
 Inc. [Member]


















































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( -F3/4P?(\\#P    !


$%     @ V9




MFS*V!]C1TN]/GTM#D+W$9]C'S2Q70WNLXGH<.:G8B $CZA$ZE<DKXJ7GH
MHU

1@M(?ZHA05]4].1E%F8@458B$RV1@L=45$?+WBC%WSXC%V&&0W8



!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS





!3 DL,<.'?\K<' 1$2P0@1E$AAXMZ#%,CT%Z;.CQ@IY8^ B4E@@ 042
MAYY9 B
B

Q\#


M_:Z ?]NT379=EBW9DIN[;'M-6UK-57% V[MO/T!K5([IWBC@\QQ^!\F!S8V+


Q#L-BT]LQ]
5;'U,]\[
MLA.]5.J5W[ZP/J'8]_KLO[$KJ[3<D.@Y#KR2]ND=+E+QNH^B46KZWKW+QKYO
M??R[#3:0WD &0[<XBX:P-X0S0]1V50_445W&\%OGNC^5DO-IL#K4_FP0S:
MM;/?=+92CUYW)-T$5Q.GESQW$C*63!4YH,@&2:#G'R ($&L/QS[5[ _!/VA

M=0T)[$] ?^+F$LYR21S*:)5E

M+/&



MKYE
E84 $J!+XV4BN.AAM^I%\ZK7:QZ58$@&U+U@=
9&\=W*LYE([T]5_JL
MM?:B7/%=$CTI+

RYX

M9KG GO'_C[_AX&S@XDTV 



M@UN)X]&V;@A'0S@9@O\;HM$0+0S8D=E6GX@B12;XX GWLGIBOHE@%^F'69JD

%Z_PDB7(4(K3^:^:-TW1^M

M*Z)DE2BY)4H61



7-B= &


$:)'%7<B-BMH(M2R


4@RH=2TN
M


M$685Y-)RV89FUFE4/7FRMR[LN1QAJN=^N!GFWP]
SU7+K /AHG.K_GHBA(/0
MB1Z$PE*
W.E0PXG+;2SV=)@[PX&3;IRISC38LW]02P
$%     @ V9
]3.$5
O+2&
]EQ&@.)Q06N$L0PDIO&WC^D.*:5PW'Z+_E5Y%UYVD*$UP7^J R^7
M;N8Z!W2$9\R?R/4;ZOT U^G-_T 7A 4N9R)R[ EFZMO9GQDG=1]%3*6&K]VS
Q<9IT=6'1*.D?D4

M

$!=%]W4<VJ66R4:S]@K?WJ(FCS.HH,_<JU1QE
MGZN)N37/W,RC_[?./U(3%LA2$R8UT+Q3Z$OH(7+HC'6.?-&)XB\
_R$]%0U






M


21[4'01)4I
$:B#)K&9*8JU/6Q1 DLPD@1I(
M
JN9DMCK&+(4LL6#/9*AF IRWPS%TNY [G,:J8D]CJ&8 G*S$)FT42_RAE



M+GAM;&U3VV[;

+=F1XTWM3&*N'1M US

MK




M!YZQ:X@S0TX3A*\@^P7!

MD3J'/*2H;##VU;4 GKPIJ5U.6^^[(V.N;$%Q=V
ZT'A3&ZNX1]

M2K)DL]DSQ86F119]9UMDIO=2:#A;XGJEN'T_@31#3K?TT_$LFM8'!RNRCC?P


@1&7^GF'1.&8C+\V?TQU@[UG+A#AZ,_


-^E^HJT3
MDHF0S(1#S
/&1%'Y-^YYD5DS$#OVON/AB;?'!'M3!F=L1;Q#\0Z]U^*PS]@U




M@2DN-WSZ#N;,L?!2:'A;(@=E.+FSPDDC@7=T9OC1;2=PY6YCUOX3NX'_W9


MZ0JR6Q#

M 0  S@


M







2YX;6QM4]MNG# 0_17+'Q O

M



M02(\9((Q*B-=7$DU.&_4K(*I*/XV[4+'?9QNLF2F;1/2F9 NA$.
PZ9 
?
G
M[GF96S


MFQ4@95-5J=1*JU1-GKTP@!5?B&V6].]K&Y:@A!?;
S[GS
7C?-3FQ78 #KU)





;K1WX5)(;/S^=_UV+(:!Q
MX?C-G\TT8Y/A=#]_'[+\X?(_4$L#!!0    ( -F3/4PCQRT@LP$  -$#   9


M(&5318W42JM4;9Z]
( 57XAMEO3O:QN6D)07VS
^Y\S%XWS4YL5V  Z]2:%L
M@3OG^@
AMNI 


M!%=P


M^A^=;M.SS0RS2









CQ\^3]02P
$%     @ V9
]3&Q+

S2
GTGQ







M

MBZ D0O-C\CW.#&=$TN4LU:




.O5'+DD9RD?


\XL5_XV)

MOE-U&85&9VGL??GUDMIPHF=_:F#O8=+P6#WKCIWLY5N
VA
'**#Y4L_Q;U

O
\47._U+J=$:*V)=1
/8D6&O-E


%# NT)])\#?4A(



M_U




_15!'U YCIUF@6.@

4GUJCL @]XX$_J(



MBZ1+7-OO[




*KJ
QD/J;_\?/





#8BUY\:PH_


E$?-B#!?KSX*R:A54:E0_+:



TS!')RUD



+ORPDF^R;AM:'M?P'4$L#!!0    ( -F3/4QS<-B41<  'I7   4
EGN4SA
MR2+3:U' GWKYS.1:BMBLIS6R;/G@\'K9VNATD?O?C#JW0_%N]


M^%1&??[BN

\9_D_59*K^[SUHG'@Z.?

7SJ]GHIP^S\]/QY?P;?CH^
MFXPF5WM4],F%0)&M9*% M9^RC[FSQP3=K.XXNWN9367#]K5\?V0I8%<MJR?
M7PVOQA_'4[CG[(S/+L:7PZO);+K#

)89)
M

Y4%T;KY^3E\QN%M'CG1H!QZ


MS(HODNS6\ 6$I


?;]X^90I4&$PY$;?@

O&W\#!U8BAW@*


$BH 

GRT4KG)^+DHTQC2BWDF<B(68GPNBT*R4YG%&18QZ.+H^, P#/AQ@FW@
MU T:94UW(!/\A/Y V16TV3Z6W8/&ELM\7J%5@MJ@G*&]'LI
5ZPM?@
?O5&
MJ(0\+
0.^'





()



CKP+(!*2O
;9CJ8U(T5)_*(:-)28#@CXQ3D)42

6Z@ZQCG9J0FY'DX547%;I

M@'] L
/;N[M%0FMR%


(.?CN5=$J,B6SD%(R<BTCP F1/C%)70W$&
M91)IA:C#W]/:!CA%@W5:'EB058*B@/4E0!YODN%[FZO1&E!5,J-L8L &J8


M!
[ E2U\78#8D
MX&7JMD[['6OV







9CWGV-PD1V(F.Q2 7=


M5/@&)V!1+E&A !8I:8I#=PV0RE3/J!O5&1[Y%G :&XU =P.A:B5R)MV73#

NL/

M


.2S?JHJ%LYPU!K7MF&&QQ4]PK) BK5PDXB#U=%];H
MNEB@C/_)+=S[987S 47S:J) KA:N68*P75(5L=&MJ8ZH=N\U]O&PQ3J@& -

MWRB_%HZW;$5A+.][#FUB

;1-:8\A.[*Q(=HFY*&_Q 74%H
ML9-YM6R-UUZ.+X:34S[^Y\5X.F^WV%[V^;XEH9.0-+



M\*C


M72E7_TQ(FWR^;S)

MQKAD
!0:^'& Z1#2J^NC7-/



ASGLRC%N*/R.)S^^/BY_2(!
ML+Q
:1BRU0\#J2B2;IU9/1^\&%20!_YXW0+!E1^A+HW-S+&WXD
QI'M^$&XA

M#RK($/F6U



T<@<11&MLXJ+;CF&@G&_;C),Q0 ]]'+J%J*=[OC**
:(JKW6WMF.*J@(/


@'&#ID V_45
M1!P(V\74/?-A[

L
M?O#4&GN0J35^X-0:^RI3:WS[U!K[&E-K?


J+-9OJMR':/W)B?S^B]?DA+T^SFSY_Y7[\;[!O







\-\#?4\  T#

!1 _XJ5I^YEP11HBP I#0:L@1TE



MQ$I4.)MT)T]2O+=_QKM+P'

C4NI@$T
MYYIK\\R;;.6N% %08VEN*%S #MP?Y&.TCDB
0+9B&464]_!U/]()G3

M25$2X3E SPDB&;(_+=AS+;H]OUPF24\H9?AQC42T@W.,FK*2RA#-J+3Y[%
M@$E

5
UJ(@YA6M&3=;QSQ1H#N<



VK#MF'0EAV4AT$Y.V@7!NW80?LP
M:,\..H1!!W80II$RIORD6*SY:XV17-_KS$2;.0O-D:2C?S-QDBTD;_:&
DV



/4$L#!!0    ( -F3/4Q$AK]A90$
M /$-   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
V7VTX,1&7X7LK6%+4?$0



M1

M' ^19AA-K$D\YQ&A:1T%ZJCB*'VY#_OEXZ)][[KPGV!B[7#:K9^/8TB$XYH(


]3#DT?57N    *P(  !$



              ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     #9DSU
W*=W:88  !%0  &               @ 'W




]3.$5-7I\ @  & D  !@
M         ( !&1




_;HXH[0!  #. P
&UL4$L!
M A0#%     @ V9
]3(79'0*U 0  S@
  !@              ( !@1H  'AL


M 

M;6Q02P$% ,4     #9DSU




M965T

]3()B#^&V 0  SP
  !D


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M #9DSU



TU
(@(   0'   9


M A0#%     @ V9
]3&Q+5##$ 0  -P0  !D              ( !7B@  'AL


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$V
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -F3/4RX<TP%(0(  -L&   9              



+0(  -L(   -
M            5]*  !X;]S='EL97

]3/#?

M 0(4 Q0    ( -F3/4Q1!:Z8+P$  
X





NNO $_97_C$8^]1


8Y]G;5U)E7AA

M:3PVS#_]^KO'3AR*4_S)0.Z1.GU4XOV.T[&'@UT9]_;V&XWFWK]^_GSG]_G

R[



'VXY8DG(AY\

M25;-=HP-=H@B-G:J]NH[Y.4-DJSHLKSK/'7!M']8/&*PLA%F*NU(&U8NV4
M79*M2?_2)OWKV/C9JLN&J
LS;]/


M6WG'5&FU*Z]1)8MS'RCWYN-K2IMMJ9$5M
?Y
WQ[



7@#[JDTYA]



]Y

]Q6YY3Z@D!NW%NF9F
ME/



D



59$:/-)LN JW.'
E24#+BNN@

M8'VLBO;\XX.JKX3KXFEV ODULFZ&Q)1IUM3C:.]X\.5\_;_*


M2U4Y*#J;A8.6T_M^PL3GW8:X$SBAZTWAVLD7GTV/2IQ&HGP_4X2I^Y1I2NA
MOM\62LGRTR058[18J7+JY;
\E60S\G)





M\]I*Q'-0$$\UPJMC=V%!-ANN()=CMZ1ZZHFY
(?C.PZSB#R=I2J#^R26*NW(

MTX673EFS

:ZTW
M;TU:KOW@^.U?B3NAF


!VRIN4ML
M?.ESFSC




MJ=\5ON6(^3JS&JUL$?EA&L#C1&-=:5
K#D%





M
+@XMO=E.:B;:0PP=F#$/XZC^I

%]@A!%K0)#&NP;A
MW4@LG.3JRC!QQ
E TQ'+#!11LO6AT8T
M6@;S#I$W&FOTXCAF?BU#;%%


Q !/.;P
M7AS0_'X029_^-CHP!/&%[12:D2#=0^_Y\-$OXNS[2M@BEDZ*8N35M4V7;'I

'B/MA<7CPB/H $F)Y=3\1L




A )VP$5CE
M4- NA::B


MY-JGT9(X5Y&O5S+O


#Q)EI.NUD:

M1CN.L!'_(B!&

M0+WV]^$++

/;8VI#
MWV&
VD& F(-21S;8K#?-:!:DH


3
M


-K=!V@
]C!
DEHD61;[E9!.(:

MV7K AS^2!W+EB,]/-FJ%QB!1.# .8.JA:*$3N'B(M8HBCE X$OFNRP8-2M
MA+(
5?0.8\I+RX2G\I0


MEB-.?94I4-[4*M*;I)FB14$4]N9OE$ZXV0T^';HG30FUA&$J
7VA?8SOS-
M'

BA\*&YPWJK\==3


M0]HF:P'
QS.I:S[TUF&!Z*[+/AOJLG;PTU.A?7FP


ME3)!\]!QYL%2O(R -K:@9



1O\)E%@,,C.21H(:VV7@:F(T9HCW%VFMA1'TA.1

/$_F )G1$P
J)OD+DUA&XX[Q!

MHL4F PZ&%;





'-ULTJONU CQ0KI*V63Q
MF*@NS&E#



M'C!.^(B' &CA_B.-.#O07!WOLG-2DHR'$:@CT\]. %5!I2?$;4&.)-)':R



W-&UUWKLTI

$8P]@R !T'VJ^*

5?*AA_3



MC&]@H9UVW?=Q61=F




*4MI%J@+_T9=]L9#IS[


)L]X;

\ZY'T/=

MV*ZHLU9/IYZ]LA4\N2'[-3(YTVVRX3:\EKC-_- 3 ^NT3L 8EG-BW$L;N__P

M

M
6S
.LL#K#


Y.]+Z/&;J 5V\VVVPGY]UOM%UZ



H1O- 



L%N3.&(3S

XT+:B2+&7BJY=@@I3HDE:4W2AY-2O*







M
'5S'2IVR-TQN'
MK);O8HZ(%QJ(B?<*KWBMMM^8+ _-Y99:7_J4*I(6FDX!R!<]Q8'8!2H/2'-7
M472*S%Z%4G&,JL/+H[7QJ%Q22)TMZ.X*@Y5&: \.!L/SZO%URD:%0JRXHCL


(]GX@X9[0__%


L&AO0^W^1P ^PIXU*PT3I1UE23M /UJ!.K*A$1

MT5S7@KQ#J&O'.=*-6-JJE.3






$C]


M
#$V
3(S

+JJ/=AUU=8
HX9XA 



7UCXC9\X3$Z=S::A0U:Z3 8&

=U
G$')8I(C?$T;$*VI3X)(#5P]B&CT*D(7^G/D8



M.M@K#C-3O 3


M2
 EG9DC4P(ZL!^6;!%]\D@O9#[EG(6O)HN(%
Z=TB4@-F!-Z9
!GDGZ
J-]


M:CJR[W1]8

)XT1 HTB!?Q
M^

J\?
0YS=
&
MK6#&CJ(A5#7-646\.G40*;.XV+%LTN)@AA9HZA?#&\D-@NDQ'+IW&9#O

W'_AF
MRZIS+-_MJ1S+

CWN@GH


2]IQO97)-






VYBL

$%     @ V9
]3%J
MX$N]   D5L  !H   !N;W-T86QG:6$M
C Q-C$R



MZ


)
M

 ICN;#9Y(I

)8#+T(.UD1#SP
\98MC
Q#
MD-Y+[36(7XL


MF?D.L(0@!%D664(






#



M138__=]XS]5E:+V.TX26']CE54G9#O\98#AS8.JJT.Y7U69[+@&DP3T#_O0
MS:?'1WGX7^9D4WO0M7M-D?61(N*\:2/-/U!&!A]3='4RCR?UHR2L.'VP/T&

2L*5]V.#:+^IP



<P=7X4S--YG.SB&F
MYFTWI^*FEOGQZ?BK=]/--I5@40X0\L<N0WX&2HG:D9)V_U[+?CY%A0SWX
M YN9F9N6I\O7_B@U W:!Q/P
O#4FA]_L+

*


M'ML



C%=.Z#E!%.*/1V%T]./?_NMWB/[WP^][/73MX\[1
/(


MBAG!


8GG14UME*3='.%OW*K/\7

2WZ9
Z4#&
YT5-8YV_D@YD2[

MI:Y.$K?M)=08



MO$E5W.&5SY2'1MX$[Q(8C-3)8]*9%[\B&RL4],BK!'D29'8V?)Q4'M8#BK

R(9%9):-F! @-L3()&YDQXM:(FMN@(R_'6#M9D*WJ
MSZ98$(G*$2C_!N+)P1)*PMF8_
I%P/:;$J'(B\U.]//72BS#D#%!0)(F52
M)%)CVH3P^#P;&W3TJ1/B;D.G)4@7[7?3=$@E)534/D1Q-
7*6K$4G
;Q(QL

MRC]P$/P41D_A##MQ%&)O'



0B21686G9@0(&K$R%2R%


6!H&\*@HE T @-%5)

?LIH3.'AQZ.Z;;A*_QH667

*


P


M#](63LV&@':+P7833*_I!:L'*=4G[D'&HE87#'#:@LY[QJIA#1/L
PNU9U
M%[7HFX*#

M(]3TUU+$T^5TPP[J\J.P/@&QW=S2^@FA:
G*B8JM=68T!3;'@G)C-%VBG3F

5D55XY_I;]9QD BJ/_[\9QB/.\
O7&43KMM6SCL
M30+1*KM,B-08##)MNL
%?8HB.*8#02&N[E50(:59SB@::[2HR
#-I'
6_LA
MWTPT\1]QEE-9H%?3V6@(O5.&*F%U+4\S- J/-7S%

5JE[NDLP$H
MP8#CL
$TSN9J
%L6)DD4*QC%K-!!I38GF-;7@RJYP0&( TFG=PMQRU:A5
M)=H 9=XV^B)3*1[MBXI*$5;!
L').'2C-;ZA=;4DIS4;D[P(Y959J1B :3*)


9$*(;PDB&

S^9]^M^?5_2:H'=K7=61AK=3O
MK%LT68BW?G<MWG([&&[KEV6;OJ_L+Q:-?'0UJE(S_VIO^B2F]<M:.+S/;(
M7&7160=_,,7S'J*%-!=M8<XU*XKY![Q+$S+!??I$_)7SGEMG1ZOO:9E62G
M'=::(\21P2[A5%#$9O':%&
(D9+]((=8FGPZL /%. H8S?A'1XI9KL1MC]
M@W

MI6M68.B22A


^CXBC'W:P#2=76S=7L-!']S%0GC;3[68=I#[&-/A]S9 -YA2O:


47\PF-Y/YN/))W0[O1D/QB
@1__-

M?4\+T2DC=#=#$9W$QB #O$2$X*] 6U;Q-G\;:A8C9^W0^]:?* 27KBYK#H



060?MVQ
TG@RFGT=HWO_E]255:TCF/J2E
M:1)@C\U)B*2M1!T'L^&7-N'5H(O


M%RWHV8NB!Z.&GX5]N=NS(=BP6^X$!D!=I9(MOE')$09VK .N!YK0TG380P
F

R\8M!1=:3UDY.96@AH:\







MZWBZ3+^):55_C?F:-ZU[HY6./58[9%..K$8B0


E.T?LN*N)6-TE82G2-J


_XPC36&4K/#)/=(H6#






8+E[H?HWPZ%'MVU210EH:E9YD/QRB/4:J8
M 'HZ
F72

1/
GR5S?T$_TZ_XK^L7!B3+_Y/U!+ P04

#$V
3(S
5]P






O#7==.=ED\39J^_XU5]S<ZF

M&F34)D
RT_C_

[=1PE%T^[/^DL]8@!Y.K6+2
M*GGMSUKWAC


M!9R&2QEN$?:5J$W?[$PV*H_&UESQP*4#)B3)/Z

MNP]GR3;Q#






II+B[:C%$TQ(J@$


MQ9?ZGSZX+/D3'+X'^4']$G 759 :%ACC&KU2B6BD90'*HI )HM*K650'YPZ
+4AR0+ )YJ8RRR.3(
MK@9 0UZ![9I;C#'<N8N.$3^PK=A<I@F3M#M8H6AE9??* L;7B-J(+@K8)$U

M)

M[;

MS$L1V\Y\?7M$OD

R0]
M?@AW%%%@FI7O\!6%

Z
M$;2.GWPP7







M.2'56'NYQ!G9,#H@P5@?5C=N@1V&)L, '_IQD-XEB*W *=,7^K42J6-M)W5
MK*2NU%CR*G4V*HML[*'UHW%&FM/_^*X73'@]ZI@@;K .C.F0F/[99



1V


D1\L
MT.XOEW80*3/L=:0





^


:C^ONZ[HU079LF L



M






\=2F]^


M?;ES/A Y JAD4VOK1URZG6@H^[)EM#UDB%C\+L3+



M  @ V9

M82TR
#$V
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #9DSU

M:6$M
C Q-C$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -F3/4PA:N!+O0@  )%;
M   :                3DO  !N;W-T86QG:6$M,C Q-C$R,S%?9&5F+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -F3/4P$UM@&A4  )
) 0 :                2XX
M  !N;W-T86QG:6$M,C Q-C$R,S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -F3/4PH
M@(N#I!   #WI   :                8!-  !N;W-T86QG:6$M
C Q-C$R
@

end



