

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-15-003665
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150602
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150602
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001544861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				273999874
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54857
		FILM NUMBER:		15906619
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PAPE DRIVE
		CITY:			ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		848-466-9607
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PAPE DRIVE
		CITY:			ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07716














Washington
 D.C. 20549







December 31
 2014
 2013 








NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.


































Atlantic Highlands
 New Jersey 07716


















 including area code)





 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes&#160;




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&#160;


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&#160;


 and no disclosure will be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):














































 Inc. (&#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 the Company or the Registrant) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 5
 2010.


 we filed a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of up to 3
000
000 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $0.10 per share. The registration statement went effective on August 13
 2012. We were unable to raise any money pursuant to the Registration Statement. We intend to file a new Registration Statement in the near future.


 that is exempt from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (&#8220;the JOBS Act&#8221;)
 that eases restrictions on the sale of securities and increases the number of shareholders a company must have before becoming subject to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s (&#8220;SEC&#8217;s&#8221;) reporting and disclosure rules (See Emerging Growth Companies Section Below). The Company has selected December 31 as its year end.




 which we refer to in this report as the senior population. We believe that many formerly popular brand names that were discontinued by their parent company still resonate with the senior population and if so revived and made available in supermarkets and other retail establishments
 would attract this population and others as consumers.


 he or she often feels left behind and tends to remember the &#8220;good old days&#8221; when life was simpler. We believe we can tap into these feelings and use it as a trigger for purchasing decisions
 as studies have shown that seniors miss their youth and many of the products which they used during childhood that are no longer available. According to a December 2010 study from Arizona State University&#8217;s W.P. Carey School of Business
 a significant number of the senior population miss the life they led as children and younger adults
 and many of the products which they used during that time which are no longer available. We believe that the combination of familiarity and positive associations linger as a person ages
 and we intend to build on these associations to revive a retail presence for one or more discontinued consumer product brands that at one time were widely recognized.


 2010 (Inception) to December 31
 2013
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(102
390). For the year ended December 31
 2014
 we have generated net losses of $(5
375). Due to the &#8220;newly-established&#8221; nature of our business
 we expect to incur losses as we expand. To date
 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations. Furthermore
 there is no assurance the net proceeds from any financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the early stages of our operations. For these reasons
 our independent registered public accounting firm believes that there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern.























 or on the internet.


 we have researched over 100 discontinued products and are focusing upon 20 of these products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products
 as follows:







. Bit-O-Licorice
 Big Yank
 Old Nick and Hollywood candy bars.











. Amazo Instant Dessert
 Ballard Cornbread Mix
 Cocomalt
 Hydrox Cookies
 Krumbles Cereal
 Ann Page Pork and Beans
 Pep Cereal
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal and Van Camp&#8217;s Chili Con Carne.











. Calox Tooth Powder
 Chipso Laundry Soap
 Forhans for the Gums
 Rapid Shave
 Shower Mate
 Stopette Deodorant and Sun &#8216;N&#8217; Surf.



















 Director of Georgia&#8217;s State Center for Mature Consumer Studies
 by 2020
 the senior population is expected to number approximately 115 million.










































 and the 65 and over age group &#8211; a subset of the senior population &#8211; has twice as much per capita income as the average baby boomer (George Moschis
 Director of Georgia&#8217;s State Center for Mature Consumer Studies).












 and nearly a quarter of householders aged 65 to 69 have a net worth of $250
000 or more (George Moschis
 Director of Georgia&#8217;s State Center for Mature Consumer Studies).












 only 31% of members of the 65 and over age group have broadband internet connections. The study found that many seniors do not find the internet to be relevant to their lives (48%)
 are uncomfortable with computers (60%) and are not interested in going on-line (90%).





 West Virginia
 Delaware
 Pennsylvania and Montana. According to the United States Census Bureau
 31 states had a proportion of older people that exceeded the national proportion of 14.1%.

Marketing
 Advertising and Distribution


 but rather will direct potential consumers to area retail outlets carrying our products.


 we intend to purchase advertising space for particular regions of major weekend supplements including
 but not limited to
 Parade and USA Weekend
 to target our market and advise the senior population that their favorite brands are once again available at retail stores in their area. We intend to purchase the advertising space through cash payments and payments in the form of shares of our common stock. We believe that advertising can be purchased for cash or stock with little or no lead time and at substantial discounts from prevailing market prices for &#8220;remainders&#8221; which are sections of a national run by these and other publications when not sold by print time; provided however
 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in purchasing advertising space through cash or stock payments or at all.


 it will be easier to retain independent manufacturer&#8217;s representatives to sell our products to regional buyers at independent retailers and retailers will be more likely to stock our products as a result of advertising-generated demand. These independent representatives also obviate the need for us to have sales personnel on our payroll
 thus keeping our labor costs down. We expect independent representatives will charge us a fee of between 5% and 15% of any sales brokered by them with potential bonuses for meeting pre-determined sales levels.


 including
 but not limited to
 supermarket chains
 drug stores
 gas station marts
 mass merchandisers and warehouse clubs.























 distribution and storage. All of our products will be shipped directly to consumers from third-party manufacturers or distributors.




 highly competitive and is dominated by large multinational companies including
 but not limited to
 Nestle
 Kraft Foods
 Mars
 Proctor &amp; Gamble and Unilever
 as well as smaller competitors
 many of whom have already established their brand name recognition in our proposed markets. In addition
 many of our competitors have significantly larger marketing personnel and financial resources than we have and competition for shelf space in grocery stores and other retail outlets is intense
 costly and poses great difficulty for smaller food and consumer product companies and distributors.


 these efforts will not guarantee that we will be competitive or that our business plan will be successful. Further
 we intend to compete with other companies that see the value of reintroducing discontinued product brands.


 price
 quality and efficacy of products
 customer service
 brand name recognition and marketing and trade support
 and successful product introductions.




 we will endeavor to purchase all relevant trademarks
 trade names
 trade secrets and other intellectual property of the consumer product brands which we aim to acquire.




 we have not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. We do not currently plan to spend any material funds on research and development activities in the future.




 neither of whom are expected to be full-time employees. Our officers are responsible for planning
 developing and operational duties
 and will continue to do so throughout the early stages of our growth. We have no intention of hiring employees until our business has been successfully launched and we have sufficient
 reliable revenue from our operations
 which is not expected for at least the next 12 months.&#160;Although we cannot reliably estimate the percentage of time each of our executive officers will spend on behalf of our Company prior to the successful launch of our business
 of which we can give no assurance of success
 they have each committed to spend such time as they deem reasonably necessary to launch our business. Mr. McDermitt is available to work as a full-time employee if and when we successfully launch our business. Mr. O&#8217;Donnell
 our CFO
 will re-evaluate his time commitments to us if and when we successfully launch our business.


 once available. We have not yet identified any such independent representatives.























 and accordingly there is no public trading market for our common stock. Further
 no public trading market is expected to develop in the foreseeable future unless and until the Company completes a business combination with an operating business and the Company thereafter files a registration statement under the Securities Act. Therefore
 outstanding shares of our common stock cannot be offered
 sold
 pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant to
 or exempt from registration under
 the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. Shares of our common stock cannot be sold under the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 144 or Section 4(1) of the Securities Act (&#8220;Rule 144&#8221;) as long as the Company is designated a &#8220;shell company&#8221; and for 12 months after it ceases to be a &#8220;shell company&#8221;
 provided the Company otherwise is in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations. Compliance with the criteria for securing exemptions under federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states is extremely complex
 especially in respect of those exemptions affording flexibility and the elimination of trading restrictions in respect of securities received in exempt transactions and subsequently disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or state securities laws.













000
000
000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics
 setting the threshold to the nearest 1
000
000) or more;
























 during the previous 3-year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
000 in non-convertible debt; or












 as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17
 Code of Federal Regulations
 or any successor thereto.&#8217;
























 we are permitted to
 and intend to
 rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company
 we will not be required to:




















 an auditor discussion and analysis);












 such as &#8220;say-on-pay&#8221; and &#8220;say-on-frequency;&#8221; and

















 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.


 as amended
 defines a Smaller Reporting Company as an issuer that is not an investment company
 an asset-backed issuer
 or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that:








 computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity
 in the principal market for the common equity; or












 had a public float of less than $75 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement
 computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus
 in the case of a Securities Act registration statement
 the number of such shares included in the registration statement by the estimated public offering price of the shares; or












 had annual revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which audited financial statements are available.
























 as a Smaller Reporting Company and so long as we remain a Smaller Reporting Company
 we benefit from similar exemptions and exclusions as an Emerging Growth Company. In the event that we cease to be an Emerging Growth Company as a result of a lapse of the five year period
 but continue to be a Smaller Reporting Company
 we would continue to be subject to similar exemptions available to Emerging Growth Companies until such time as we were no longer a Smaller Reporting Company.


 NE.
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site
 contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information with respect to issuers that file electronically with the SEC.









As a newly established company with an unproven business strategy
 our limited history of operations makes evaluation of our business and prospects difficult.


 2010 and our business is in its early stages. Our business prospects are difficult to predict because of our limited operating history
 early stage of establishment and unproven business strategy. While we intend to focus on acquiring rights to and reviving discontinued consumer product brands
 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan. We may never generate revenues or attain profitable operations
 and our management may not succeed in realizing our business objectives.

We are uncertain of our ability to function as a going concern
 indicating the possibility that we may not be able to operate in the future.


 we have completed only the initial stages of our business plan and we can provide no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue
 if any
 from our business in order to achieve profitability. It is not possible at this time for us to predict with assurance the potential success of our business. The revenue and income potential of our proposed business and operations are as of yet unknown. Wei
 Wei &amp; Company
 LLC
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This opinion could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds by issuing debt or equity securities or otherwise. If we fail to raise sufficient capital when needed
 we will not be able to completely execute our business plan. As a result
 we may have to cease our business and liquidate any assets we own and purchasers of our common stock may lose their entire investment.




















Our business will fail if we are unable to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
 market and sell discontinued consumer product brands or otherwise implement our business plan successfully.


 among other things
 on our ability to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
 market and sell discontinued consumer product brands. Our business will fail if we cannot successfully implement our business plan or successfully market our planned products.




 we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks
 our business will most likely fail.

If our views on the purchasing power of nostalgia as a driver for sales of consumer products is erroneous
 our financial condition and results of operations will likely suffer.


 especially considering that any brands we may acquire were likely discontinued due to a lack of sales or popularity at such time. If such views turn out to be erroneous
 our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected and our business may fail.

We intend to enter a competitive market which could impact our ability to gain market share and accordingly
 could harm our financial performance.


 there are a number of companies
 many of which are established
 adequately funded and which sell numerous products which would compete with any brands we may acquire. If we cannot gain shelf space for our planned products at retailers or gain market share
 our business and financial performance will be adversely affected.




 generate operating revenues and achieve profitability depends upon our ability to obtain the necessary financing to implement our business plan. We will require financing through the issuance of debt additional and/or equity in order to implement our business plan
 including identifying
 acquiring and distributing consumer products
 building inventory
 hiring additional personnel as needed and eventually establishing profitable operations. Such financing may not be forthcoming. As it has been widely reported
 global and domestic financial markets and economic conditions have been
 and continue to be
 disrupted and volatile due to a variety of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 weak economic conditions. As a result
 the cost of raising money in the debt and equity capital markets has increased substantially while the availability of funds from those markets has diminished significantly
 even more so for smaller companies like ours. If such conditions and constraints continue
 we may not be able to acquire funds either through credit markets or through equity markets and
 even if financing is available
 it may not be available on terms which we find favorable. Failure to secure funding when needed will have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our obligations and remain in business.




















If our estimates related to expenditures are erroneous or inaccurate
 our business may fail.


 including
 but not limited to
 the expenditures we expect to incur as a publicly reporting company
 costs relating to acquiring rights to consumer product brands and commercialization of those brands
 website development
 and advertising and administrative expenses all of which management estimates will cost an aggregate minimum of approximately $300
000 over the next 12 months. If such estimates are erroneous or inaccurate
 or we encounter unforeseen expenses and delays
 we may not be able to carry out our business plan
 which could result in the failure of our business.

If we are unable to identify and retain qualified personnel
 our business and financial performance may suffer.


 our business will suffer.




 our Chief Executive Officer and sole Director
 and Mr. Edward O&#8217;Donnell
 our Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
 upon whom we are relying to implement our business plan. The loss of the services of either Mr. McDermitt or Mr. O&#8217;Donnell could negatively impact our ability to select and commercialize potential brands
 which would adversely affect our financial results and impair our operations.


 or cause a delay in
 launching and developing our business and in meeting the reporting requirements of a public company.




 he has no experience serving as an officer and/or director of a publicly traded company or experience with the reporting requirements which public companies are subject to. In addition
 Mr. McDermitt has no experience with the financial accounting and preparation requirements of financial statements which are required to be filed quarterly and annually under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. Consequently
 our operations and ultimate financial success may suffer irreparable harm due to our chief executive officer&#8217;s lack of experience with publicly traded companies and the financial accounting and preparation requirements of the Exchange Act.




















The Company did not timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended&#160;December 31
 2012 and December 31
March 31
 2013
 June 30
 2013
 September 30
 2013
 March 31
 2014
 June 30
 2014 and September 30
In addition
 the Company violated Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.


 including accounting and legal compliance.

In the event we are delinquent with respect to our reporting requirements in the future
 the Securities and Exchange Commission may revoke the registration of our common stock and
 if our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 quotation of our common stock will be terminated.


 in the future
 we are delinquent with respect to our reporting requirements
 the Commission may revoke the registration of our common stock. If the Commission revokes the registration of our common stock
 brokers
 dealers and other market participants would be prohibited from buying
 selling
 making a market in
 publishing quotations of
 or otherwise effecting transactions with respect to such common stock until
 in the case of suspension
 the lifting of such suspension
 or
 in the case of a revocation
 we file a new registration statement with the Commission under the Exchange Act and that registration statement is declared effective. As a result
 public trading of our common stock would cease and investors would find it extraordinarily difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock or obtain accurate price quotations for our common stock
 which could result in a significant decline in the value of our stock. In addition
 any business which we acquire or start may be adversely impacted
 including
 without limitation
 an adverse impact on our ability to issue stock to raise equity capital
 engage in business combinations or provide employee incentives.


 if our shares become quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 we will be required to remain current in our filings with the SEC and our securities will not be eligible for quotation if we are not current in our filings with the SEC. In the event that we become delinquent in our required filings with the SEC
 quotation of the common stock will be terminated following a 30 day grace period if we do not make our required filing during that time.






 or
 if developed
 be sustained. Our Common Stock may never be quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board
 or
 even if quoted
 a public market may not materialize.

Because we will be subject to &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules if our shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board
 the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced.


 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and
 if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer&#8217;s presumed control over the market
 and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&#8217;s account. In addition
 broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and &#8220;accredited investors&#8221; must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&#8217;s written agreement to the transaction. Consequently
 these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
 in the secondary market for a security subject to the penny stock rules. If a trading market does develop for our common stock
 these regulations will likely be applicable
 and investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares.























 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer&#8217;s financial status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for certain customers. FINRA requirements will likely make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result
 fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock
 reducing a stockholder&#8217;s ability to resell shares of our common stock.

State securities laws may limit secondary trading
 which may restrict the states in which stockholders may sell their shares.


 such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals
 is available for secondary trading in such state. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in registering or qualifying our common stock for secondary trading
 or identifying an available exemption for secondary trading in our common stock in every state. If we fail to register or qualify
 or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of our common stock in any particular state
 the shares of common stock cannot be offered or sold to
 or purchased by
 a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock
 the market for the common stock will be limited
 which could drive down the market price of our common stock
 and reduce the liquidity of the shares of our common stock and a stockholder&#8217;s ability to resell shares of our common stock at all or at current market prices
 which could increase a stockholder&#8217;s risk of losing some or all of his investment.

If quoted
 the price of our common stock may be volatile
 which may substantially increase the risk that stockholder&#8217;s may not be able to sell their shares at or above the price which they paid for the shares.


 the market price of our common stock may be volatile. It may fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors:




















 or the inability to so acquire assets or achieve milestones;
















































 if any;















































Because we do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock
 holders of our common stock must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment.


 and we do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 holders of our common stock will have to rely upon capital appreciation
 if any
 to earn a return on their investment in our common stock.




000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value
 of which 3
800
000 shares of common stock are currently issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common and preferred stock and to determine the rights
 preferences and privilege of such shares
 without consent of any of our stockholders. We may issue shares in connection with financing arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuances will result in immediate dilution to our existing stockholders&#8217; interests
 which will negatively affect the value of their shares.


 or the possibility that these sales may occur
 also may make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital by selling equity securities in the future
 at a time and price that we deem appropriate.


 if any
 that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock may have on the market price of our common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our common stock
 including
 but not limited to
 shares issued in connection with an acquisition or the perception that such sales or distributions could occur
 may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

Any issuance of preferred stock would make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock
 which would depress the price of our common stock.


 limitations and relative rights of shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series
 without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our preferred stock may be issued with voting
 liquidation
 dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us
 discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price and adversely affecting the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock.

We will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company
 and our management will devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. We may fail to comply with the rules that apply to public companies
 which could result in sanctions or other penalties that would harm our business.


 accounting and other expenses as a public company
 including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and regulations regarding corporate governance practices
 such as accurately and timely filing annual and interim reports
 soliciting proxies for annual and special meetings of stockholders
 conflicts of interest policies and a code of conduct. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. Moreover
 the reporting requirements
 rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Any changes we make to comply with these obligations may not be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis
 or at all. These reporting requirements
 rules and regulations
 coupled with the increase in potential litigation exposure associated with being a public company
 could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or board committees or to serve as executive officers
 or to obtain certain types of insurance
 including directors&#8217; and officers&#8217; insurance
 on acceptable terms.





















 we will be subject to Section 404 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules of the SEC
 which generally require our management and if we meet certain requirements
 our independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404 generally requires an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However
 for so long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act
 we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies
 including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404. Once we are no longer an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company or
 if prior to such date
 we opt to no longer take advantage of the applicable exemption
 we will be required to include an opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.


 with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014.&#160;Based upon this evaluation
 Management concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
 as appropriate; because of the Company&#8217;s lack of financial resources
 causing the Company to be delinquent in its Exchange Act filings.


 we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We or our independent registered public accounting firm
 if required
 may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting
 which could harm our operating results
 cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price of our stock to fall. In addition
 failure to maintain an effective system of internal control
 or any other problems with our financial systems or internal controls
 could result in delays or inaccuracies in reporting financial information or failure to comply with SEC reporting and other regulatory requirements. Any of these situations could adversely affect our business and stock price.




 which are companies that have a non-affiliate public float of less than $75 million. As long as we qualify as an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company
 we would be permitted to omit the auditor&#8217;s attestation on internal control over financial reporting that would otherwise be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 as described above and are also exempt from the requirement to submit &#8220;say-on-pay&#8221;
 &#8220;say-on-pay frequency&#8221; and &#8220;say-on-parachute&#8221; votes to our stockholders and may avail ourselves of reduced executive compensation disclosure that is already available to smaller reporting companies.


 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this until we are no longer an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of this exemption. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. In addition
 the JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company to &#8220;test the waters&#8221; by communicating orally or in writing with qualified institutional buyers or other accredited investors to gauge interest in a contemplated securities offering
 even if a registration statement has not yet been filed
 and permits analysts to publish research reports about an emerging growth company that is going public even if the analyst&#8217;s firm is one of the underwriters in the issuer&#8217;s IPO. We have not provided any of such information to any qualified institutional buyers or other accredited investors
 and we are not aware of any research reports about us being published by analysts.





















 (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion
 or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Until such time
 however
 we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile and could cause our stock price to decline.








 Atlantic Highlands
 New Jersey 07716 as our business address.




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for an amount of indebtedness of $5
894. The claim was settled and a stipulation was filed with the court on May 8
 2014
 providing for payments by the Company commencing July 1
 2014
 in the aggregate amount of $6
084. Subsequently
 a judgment was entered into against the Company on September 9
 2014 for the amount of $6
084 plus costs and interest from August 28
 2014. To date
 $500.00 has been paid with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.


























Item 5. Market for Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


 we will have to satisfy certain criteria in order for our common stock to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. There can be no assurance that our common stock will ever be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or that any market for our common stock will develop. We currently have no market maker that is willing to list quotations for our common stock. There is no assurance that a trading market will develop
 or
 if developed
 that it will be sustained.




000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;).




 our policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 to develop and market our business. The payment of dividends in the future will depend upon factors including
 but not limited to
 our earnings
 capital requirements
 and operating financial conditions.








 the Company has not issued any securities which were not registered under the Securities Act.


 2011 and January 13
 2012
 we issued 3
800
000 shares of our common stock to&#160;44 investors
&#160;at a purchase price of $0.01 per share
 or aggregate proceeds of $38
000. These shares were issued in a series of transactions in reliance upon an exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act set forth in Section 4(2) thereof and Regulation D promulgated thereunder for transactions not involving any public offering. The Registrant believes that the exemption was available because the offer and sale of the securities did not involve a public offering and because of the limited number of recipients
 each of the purchaser&#8217;s representation of sophistication in financial matters
 and his or her access to information concerning the Registrant. No underwriters were involved in the foregoing sales of securities.


 but may be sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(1) of the Securities Act or Rule 144 of the Securities Act.



























 the Company is not required to provide this information.



The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operation should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and information relating to our business that reflect our current views and assumptions with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties
 including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 10
 that may cause our or our industry&#8217;s actual results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this prospectus. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities laws of the United States
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any update or revisions of any of the forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or to conform these statements to actual results. We are in a developmental stage. We have not generated any revenues to date. Our entire activity since our inception has been to launch our planned business and prepare for our proposed fundraising through an offering of our equity securities.




 with the ultimate goal of reviving these products and commercializing them
 based on an idea that nostalgia for such brands will be a powerful incentive to purchase among the senior population. We believe that many formerly popular brand names that were discontinued by their parent companies still resonate with the senior population and if so revived and made available in supermarkets and other retail establishments
 would attract this population and others as consumers.


 2010 (Inception) to December 31
 2013
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(102
390). For the year ended December 31
 2014
 we have generated net losses of $(5
875). Due to the early nature of our business
 we expect to incur losses as we expand. To date
 our cash flow requirements have been met in part by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations. Furthermore
 there is no assurance the net proceeds from any successful financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the initial stages of our operations. For these reasons
 our independent registered public accounting firm believes that there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern.

























 the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus
 an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and
 as a result
 we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for private companies.




 we have spent time researching our proposed business and identifying potential product acquisitions. We intend to purchase rights to
 and develop
 our website at the following address: www.nostalgiafamilybrands.com.&#160;




 2010.


 2014
 our operating expenses were primarily comprised of selling
 general and administrative expenses and professional fees of $5
875.


 2013
 our operating expenses were primarily comprised of selling
 general and administrative expenses and professional fees of $17
616.


 2012
 our operating expenses were primarily comprised of selling
 general and administrative expenses and professional fees of $84
666.


 2014 are $17
000
 consisting entirely of a prepaid expense.


 2013 are $18
000
 consisting entirely of a prepaid expense.


 2012 are $30
051
 consisting of cash and a prepaid expense.























 among other things
 on our ability to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
 market and sell discontinued consumer product brands. Our business will fail if we cannot successfully implement our business plan
 or successfully market our planned products. Additionally
 if our views on the strength of nostalgia as a driver for sales of consumer products is erroneous
 our financial condition and results of operations would likely suffer. See &#8220;Risk Factors&#8211;Risks Related to our Business.&#8221;




 we have not generated any revenues. We will require additional funding in order to continue operations for the next 12 months. If we do complete the implementation of our business plan
 we may nevertheless not be able to generate sufficient revenues to become profitable
 and will likely need additional funding to continue operations. We may never secure any additional funding necessary to continue our operations. We are in the process of completing a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000
 and we intend to file Form S-1 shortly after this annual report on Form 10-K is filed. If we need additional funds
 we may seek to obtain additional funds through additional private placement(s) of equity or debt. We have no other financing plans at this time.




 recurring losses from operations
 and our need for additional financing in order to fund our operations.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&#8217;s operations and financial results when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
 Revenue Recognition. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for public companies annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period and for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017 for private companies. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.





















 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders&#8217; equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.








 the Company is not required to provide this information.




 the Company is not required to provide this information.



























 practices or financial statement disclosure.






 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer&#8217;s management
 including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 an evaluation was completed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&#8217;s management. William P. McDermitt
 the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the periods covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation
 the Company William P. McDermitt concluded that the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
 as appropriate. However
 because of the Company&#8217;s lack of financial resources
 the Company has been delinquent in its Exchange Act filings.


000
 and we intend to file Form S-1 shortly after this annual report on Form 10-K is filed.




 2014
 2013 and 2012 that materially affected
 or were reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.


























Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.






 their ages and present positions are as follows

































 President and Director


























 Vice President
 and Secretary






 has had a long and varied career in marketing and advertising of food and personal products
 starting as a sales representative in 1953 for Proctor &amp; Gamble selling case foods to supermarket chains. He has held positions since then at the Drug Research Corporation selling drug products to wholesalers and chain drug stores in 11 western states
 from 1957 to 1959; Young &amp; Rubicam Advertising Agency as an account manager of personal products and baby products for Johnson &amp; Johnson
 from 1960 to 1969; and with consumer magazines in advertising sales management positions including The New York Times Magazine
 Ladies&#8217; Home Journal and McCall&#8217;s
 selling major corporations on advertising their brands in the publications
 from 1970 to 1997. Accounts have included General Foods
 Johnson &amp; Johnson
 Bristol Myers
 S.C. Johnson Co. and General Mills. Since stepping down from his sales management position at McCall&#8217;s Magazine in 1997
 Mr. McDermitt has been active as a volunteer at Riverview Hospital in Red Bank
 New Jersey. Mr. McDermitt holds a Bachelors of Science degree in Marketing from the New York University School of Commerce.

is a certified public accountant and a private financial consultant. He was the Chief Financial Officer of Audio Eye Communications
 Inc
 a software service company from&#160;February 2013 until March 2015. From December 2010 to January 2013
 Mr. O&#8217;Donnell
 was Vice President
 Finance
 of Augme Technologies
 Inc.
 a mobile marketing and technology company. Prior to that
 until November 2010
 he was the Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of Carlyle Capital Group. Prior to that
 he was the Senior Vice President of Finance &amp; Investor Relations at ACTV
 Inc. a digital media company prior to its acquisition by Liberty Media. He has provided financial and modeling expertise for many innovative projects from inception through deployment and has implemented systems and controls that lead to accurate and timely financial results. Mr. O&#8217;Donnell is a member of the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountant. Mr. O&#8217;Donnell holds a B. S. Degree in accounting from Villanova University
 and in 2003
 he received Master of Business Administration degree from Columbia University.





















 if any
 has been elected and qualified
 or until the earlier of his resignation
 removal from office
 or death.




 the Company has no significant employees other than our executive officers
 neither of whom are expected to be full-time employees.




 executive officers
 or persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become directors or executive officers.




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for an amount of indebtedness of $5
894. The claim was settled and a stipulation was filed with the court on May 8
 2014
 providing for payments by the Company commencing July 1
 2014
 in the aggregate amount of $6
084. Subsequently
 a judgment was entered into against the Company on September 9
 2014 for the amount of $6
084 plus costs and interest from August 28
 2014. To date
 $500.00 has been paid with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment until the current date. The Company shall try to obtain additional time from the plaintiff to complete this offering.








 compensation committee
 nominating committee
 executive committee or any other committees.






 nor do we owe
 any compensation to our officers. We have not entered into any arrangements or employment agreements with either of William McDermitt or Edward O&#8217;Donnell pursuant to which either of them will be compensated now
 or in the future for any services provided to us as an executive officer
 and we do not anticipate entering into any such arrangements or agreements until such time as we become profitable.























 including
 but not limited to
 payments to be made by us
 with respect to our officers and sole director that would result from the resignation
 retirement or any other termination of such person. There are no arrangements for sole director which would result from a change-in-control.








 2014 with respect to:

















































 beneficial ownership includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. We have a convertible note in the principal amount of $50
000 outstanding
 the principal and interest of which can be converted into shares of common stock at a purchase price of $0.10 per share. To our knowledge
 except pursuant to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock. The address for each stockholder listed below is c/o Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 20 Pape Drive
 Atlantic Highlands
 New Jersey 07716.



































 Director and Officer





000














 Officer





000



















000
















 nor are there any proposed transactions
 in which our executive officers and our sole director
 or any significant stockholder
 or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing
 had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.




 officers or persons controlling the registrant
 the registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is therefore unenforceable.




 Wei &amp; Co. LLC is our independent registered public accounting firm.




 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we accrued $1
400
 $1
400 and&#160;$1
400
 respectively.




 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we paid&#160;$0
 $0 and $0 respectively.




 2014
 2013 and 2012
 we paid&#160;$0
 $0 and&#160;$0 respectively.






















Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.





















































































































































































































































































































































































































 Statement of Operations
 Statement of Stockholder&#8217;s Equity
 Statement of Cash Flows
 and Notes to Financial Statements.























 the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.






NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.










Dated: June 1
 2015







William P. McDermitt
 President and Chief Executive Officer



















 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer&#160;







 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

































 2015

















































 2015





































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.




































 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 (Unaudited) and December 31
2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013






















 2014 (Unaudited) and December 31
 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013






















 2014 (Unaudited) and December 31
 2013











 2014 and 2013











 2014











 2014 and 2013











 2014 and 2013

































 2013 and 2012











 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 to December 31
 2013











 2010 to December 31
 2013











 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 to December 31
 2013











 2013 and 2012 and the period from November 5
 2010 to December 31
 2013











 2013 (Unaudited) and December 31
 2012











 2013 and 2012











 2010 (Inception) to September 30
 2013











 2013 and 2012 and the period from November 5
 2010 to September 30
 2013











 2013 and 2012 and Period from November 5
 2010 (Inception) to September 30
 2013






















 2013 (Unaudited) and December 31
 2012











 2013 and 2012 and Period from November 5
 2010 (Inception) to June 30
 2013











 2010 (Inception) to June 30
 2013











 2013 and 2012 and the period from November 5
 2010 to June 30
 2013











 2013 and 2012 and Period from November 5
 2010 (Inception) to June 30
 2013






















 2013 (Unaudited) and December 31
 2012











 2013 and 2012 and Period from November 5
 2010 (Inception) to March 31
 2013











 2010 (Inception) to March 31
 2013











 2013 and 2012 and the period from November 5
 2010 to March 31
 2013











 2013 and 2012 and Period from November 5
 2010 (Inception) to March 31
 2013

































 2012 and 2011











 2012 and 2011 and for the period from November 5
 2010 to December 31
 2012











 2010 to December 31
 2012











 2012 and 2011 and for the period from November 5
 2010 to December 31
 2012











 2012 and 2011 and the period from November 5
 2010 to December 31
 2012











 2012 (Unaudited) and December 31
 2011











 2012 and 2011 (Unaudited)











 2012











 2012 and 2011 and November 5
 2010 to September 30
 2012 (Unaudited)











 2012






















 2012 (Unaudited) and December 31
 2011











 2010 (Inception) to June 30
 2012 (Unaudited)











 2012 (Unaudited)











 2012 and 2011 and November 5
 2010 to June 30
 2012 (Unaudited)











 2012






















 2012 (Unaudited) and December 31
 2011











 2012 and 2011 (Unaudited)











 2012 (Unaudited)











 2012 and 2011 and November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2012 (Unaudited)











 2012












































 Inc.


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; (deficit
) and cash flows for the two year period ended December 31
 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


 nor have we been engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2014
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties of a new business and has not generated revenues since inception. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 7. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter.


 Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP


 NY

 2015




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.






December 31




























































17
000






000























17
000








000






















































37
265








390





















37
265






390





















50
000






000






























 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding




3
800






800










34
200






200










(108
265








390























(70
265








390

























17
000








000


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.





Year Ended December 31




























 general and administrative





























(5
400








090























(5
875








616

























(5
875










616


















(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted (Note 2)



































Weighted average shares outstanding
&#160;basic and diluted




3
800
000






800
000


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013
















































Balance-January 1
 2013







800








200








774










774

























616








616


























Balance-December 31
 2013





800






200






390








390

























875








875


























Balance-December 31
 2014 







800








200








265










265




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.






Year Ended December 31













































(5
875










616

























1
000






000










4
875






565

































































Cash
 beginning of year



























Cash
 end of year























































































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013






 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.










 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-10
This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#8220;inception to date&#8221; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013










 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




 Debt &#8211; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013






 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2014
 the Company had approximately $107
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.




 2014
 2013 and 2012. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2014
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $2
593 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013






 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.


 2014 and 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.
























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013






 (&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013




 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2014 and 2013 represent a prepayment of $17
000 and $18
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks. During the year ended December 31
 2014
 CUBBO utilized $1
000 of the prepayment to pay certain liabilities of the Company.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013




 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




 2012
 the Company issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing on December 31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.



 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#8217;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.




 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. As of December
 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.




 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.






September 30



December 31






























































17
500






000























17
500








000






























































34
890








390





















34
890






390





















50
000






000






























 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding




3
800






800










34
200






200










(105
390








390























(67
390








390

























17
500








000


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013





September 30



September 30





















































 general and administrative











































(1
000








000







(3
000








000































(1
000








000







(3
000








051

































(1
000










000









(3
000










051


























(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted 































































Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted




3
800
000






800
000





3
800
000






800
000


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013
































































Balance
 December 31
 2013







800








200








390










390

























000








000


























Balance
 September 30
 2014 







800








200








390










390




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013





September 30









































(3
000










051
































500










2
500






500
































































































































































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013 






 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.








 2014 and for the three and nine months period ended September 30
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2014.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013 






 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-10
This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#8220;inception to date&#8221; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.










 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013 






000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At September 30
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.








 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
 2014
 the Company had approximately $105
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013 








 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
 will all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.




(&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013 






 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.


 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013 




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013 




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $17
500 and $18
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks. During the nine months ended September 30
 2014
 CUBBO utilized $500 of the prepayment to pay certain liabilities of the Company.




 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013



 2012
 the Company received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.



 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#8217;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.




 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2014 AND 2013



 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. As of September 30
 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.



 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.























 2014
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(1
000) compared to the three months ended September 30
 2013 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(6
000). For the nine months ended September 30
 2014
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(3
000) compared to the nine months ended September 30
 2013 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(14
051).


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








June 30



December 31









































































18
000






000























18
000








000
























































34
390








390





















34
390






390





















50
000






000






























 $0.001 par value














000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding




3
800






800










34
200






200










(104
390








390























(66
390








390

























18
000








000


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013





June 30



June 30





















































 general and administrative











































(1
000








000







(2
000








000































(1
000








000







(2
000








051

































(1
000










000









(2
000










051


























(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted 































































Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted




3
800
000






800
000





3
800
000






800
000


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013
































































Balance
 December 31
 2013







800








200








390










390

























000








000


























Balance
 June 30
 2014 







800








200








390










390




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013





June 30









































(2
000










051
































000










2
000






000






















































































































































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 






 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.&#160;


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.








 2014 and for the three and six months period ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2014.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 






 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-10
. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#8220;inception to date&#8221; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.










 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 






000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At June 30
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.








 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2014
 the Company had approximately $104
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 








 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
 will all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.




(&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 






 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.


 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $18
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.




 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 




 2012
 the Company received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.



 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#8217;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.




 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013 




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.



 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.























 2014
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(1
000) compared to the three months ended June 30
 2013 in which we did not generate any revenue and net losses of $(4
000). For the six months ended June 30
 2014
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(2
000) compared to the six months ended June 30
 2013 in which we did not generate any revenue and net losses of $(8
051).


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.







March 31



December 31






























































18
000






000























18
000








000


































































33
390








390





















33
390






390





















50
000






000






























 $0.001 par value














000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding




3
800






800










34
200






200










(103
390








390























(65
390








390

























18
000








000


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.





Three Months Ended March 31



































 general and administrative



























(1
000








000























(1
000








051

























(1
000










051


















(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted 



































Weighted average shares outstanding
 




3
800
000






800
000


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014
































































Balance
 December 31
 2013







800








200








390










390

























000








000


























Balance
 March 31
 2014 







800








200








390










390




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.





Three Months Ended March 31









































(1
000










051
































000










1
000






000
































































































































































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013 






 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.&#160;


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.








 2014 and for the three months period ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2014.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013 






 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-10
. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#8220;inception to date&#8221; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.










 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013 






000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At March 31
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.








 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2014
 the Company had approximately $103
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013 








 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
 will all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.




(&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013 






 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.


 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013 




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013 




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at March 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $18
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.




 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013




 2012
 the Company received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#8217;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.




 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND 2013




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.




 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.























 2014
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(1
000) compared to the three months ended March 31
 2013 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(4
051).


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.
























 Inc.


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 a development stage company
 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; deficit and cash flows for the two year period&#160;ended December 31
 2013&#160;and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


 nor have we been engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentations. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company is subject to substantial business risks and uncertainties of a new business&#160;and has not generated revenues since inception. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 7. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter.


 Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP


 2015&#160;

 NY




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.









December 31









































































18
000






000























18
000








051












































32
390






825





















32
390






825





















50
000






000






























 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares and outstanding




3
800






800










34
200






200










(102
390








774























(64
390








774

























18
000








051


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.









Year Ended December 31



November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31




























































 general and administrative













215








849












(17
090








451








541



























(17
616








666








390





























(17
616










666










390






















(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted 











































Weighted average shares outstanding
&#160;




3
800
000






654
167






























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31
 2013

































































Balance
 November 5
 2010 (inception)




















































































Balance
 December 31
 2010





























 December 2011
 at $0.01 per share





050






450












500

























































Balance
 December 31
 2011





050






450














392






 January 2012
 at $0.01 per share





750






750












500























666








666


























Balance
 December 31
 2012





800






200






774








774

























616








616


























Balance
 December 31
 2013







800








200








390










390




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.









Year Ended December 31



November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31


















































(17
616










666










390





























12
000






000








000












5
565






625






390


































041








000



















































500






000

















000






000
































500






000


































541


























592













































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.











Year Ended December 31



For the Period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
&#160;


























































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012







 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.








 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-10
. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the inception to date and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
&#160; has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.&#160;










 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012







 Debt &#8211; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2013&#160;the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.




 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


 Income Taxes
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $102
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.




 2013
 2012 and 2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $2
118 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012






 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.



 2013 and 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.
























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012







 (&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#8217;s Common stock equivalents&#160;are excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about and entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted.&#160;The Company in accordance with ASU&#160;2014-10 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in Its&#160;Financial statements on January 1
 2014.&#160;




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012





 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of&#160; Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be&#160; effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of&#160; this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting&#160; standard updated is not expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.




 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operation if the disposal represent a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012





 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2013 and 2012 represent a prepayment of $ 18
000 and $ 30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.&#160;




800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000 maturing December 31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus accrued interest
 if any
&#160;at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure.&#160;The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commerce operations and generate revenues
 the Company's cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company's daily operation.&#160;This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&#160;






















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012





 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00&#160; was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect of the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.




 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Except for the matter discussed in Note 8
 there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to the financial statements or disclosures as stated herein.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








September 30
 2013 


December 31
 2012 






































































19
500






000























19
500








051

























































30
325








825





















30
325






825





















50
000






000






























 $0.001 par value














000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding at September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012




3
800






800










34
200






200










(98
825








774























(60
825








774

























19
500








051


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








September 30



September 30



For the Period FromNovember 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 

























































Selling
 general and administrative












































(7
374












(6
000







(4
450







(14
000







(37
425







(91
451












(6
000







(4
504







(14
051







(37
543







(98
825





































(6
000









(4
504









(14
051









(37
543







(98
825






























(Loss) per common share
&#160;







































































Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted





800
000






800
000






800
000






605
556






























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 
































































Balance
 November 5
 2010 (inception)




















































































Balance
 December 31
 2010





























 December 2011
 at $0.01 per share





050






450












500

























































Balance
 December 31
 2011





050






450














392






 January 2012
 at $0.01 per share





750






750










500























666








666


























Balance
 December 31
 2012





800&#160;






200






774








774

























051








051


























Balance
 September 30
 2013







800








200








825










825




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








Nine Months Ended September 30



For the Period From November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 

















































(14
051










543










825





























10
500












500












3
500












325


































543








000



















































500






000























000
































500






000


































043


























592













































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








Nine Months Ended September 30



For the Period From November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 




























































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013






 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013






 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-10
. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#8220;inception to date&#8221; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.










 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013






 The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.








 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013






 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
 2013
 the Company had approximately $98
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.




 2012 and 2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




 (&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013






 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.


 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013






 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013




 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $19
500 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 




 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#8217;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.




 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 AND 2012
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30
 2013 




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.




 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.























 2013
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(6
000) compared to the three months ended September 30
 2012 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(4
504). For the nine months ended September 30
 2013
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(14
051) compared to the nine months ended September 30
 2012 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(37
543).


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








June 30



December 31









































































24
000






000























24
000








051























































28
825








825





















28
825






825





















50
000






000






























 $0.001 par value














000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding at June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012




3
800






800










34
200






200










(92
825








774























(54
825








774

























24
000








051


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.


























June 30



June 30



November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 










































Selling
 general and administrative












































(92
825












(4
000







(21
125







(8
000







(32
975







(85
451












(4
000







(21
189







(8
051







(33
039







(92
825





































(4
000









(21
189









(8
051









(33
039









(92
825






























(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted (Note 2)
















































Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted




3
800
000





3
800
000





3
800
000





3
508
333






























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013 
































































Balance
 November 5
 2010 (inception)




















































































Balance
 December 31
 2010





























 December 2011
 at $0.01 per share





050






450












500

























































Balance
 December 31
 2011





050






450














392






 January 2012
 at $0.01 per share





750






750












500























666








666


























Balance
 December 31
 2012





800






200






774








777

























051








051


























Balance
 June 30
 2013







800








200








825










825




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








June 30



For the Period From November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 

















































(8
051










039










825





























6
000












000












2
000












825


































039








000



















































500






000























000
































500






000


































539


























592











































053


































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








June 30



For the Period From November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 




























































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013






 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.








 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013






 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-10
. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#8220;inception to date&#8221; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.










 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




 The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
(INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013






000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.








 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
 the Company had approximately $92
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013








 2012 and 2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




 (&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013






 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.


 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.




 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $24
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.




 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012&#160;
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013




 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#8217;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.




 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30
 2013 AND 2012
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO JUNE 30
 2013




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.




 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.























 2013
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(4
000) compared to the three months ended June 30
 2012 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(21
189). For the six months ended June 30
 2013
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(8
051) compared to the six months ended June 30
 2012 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(33
039).


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.





















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.









March 31



December 31











































































27
000






000

































27
000








051


































































27
825








825





















27
825






825





















50
000






000






























 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012




3
800






800










34
200






200










(88
825








774























(50
825








774

























27
000








051


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.







March 31



For the Period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
































 general and administrative

























374












(4
000








850








451



























(4
051








850








825





























(4
051










850










825






















(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted 











































Weighted average shares outstanding





3
800
000






216
667






























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.


THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013 
































































Balance
 November 5
 2010 (inception)




















































































Balance
 December 31
 2010





























 December 2011
 at $0.01 per share





050






450












500

























































Balance
 December 31
 2011





050






450














392






 January 2012
 at $0.01 per share





750






750












500























666








666


























Balance
 December 31
 2012





800






200






774








774

























051








051


























Balance
 March 31
 2013 







800








200








825










825




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.








March 31



For the Period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 





































(4
051










850










825





























3
000






000








000












1
000












825


































850








000



















































500






000























000
































500






000


































350


























592











































242


































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.









March 31
 



For the Period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 


















































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012 
AND FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013






 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced planning during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model is to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.&#160;


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.








 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012
AND FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013






 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-10
. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#8220;inception to date&#8221; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.










 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012 
AND FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013






000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institution utilized by the Company.








 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $88
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012 
AND FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013






 2012 and 2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




 (&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012 
AND FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013






 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.


 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.




 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012
AND FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012 
AND FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&#8221;
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $27
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.




 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012 
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013




 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#8217;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&#160;




 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC



FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2013 AND 2012 
AND PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31
 2013




 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.




 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.&#160;&#160;

























 2013
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(4
051) compared to the three months ended March 31
 2012 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(11
850).


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.
























 Inc.


 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 a development stage company
 as of December 31
 2012
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2012
 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


 nor have we been engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentations. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. at December 31
 2012
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2012
 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 Inc. will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 7
 the Company is a startup company subject to substantial business risks and uncertainties and has not generated revenues since inception. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 7. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


 Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP


 NY

 2015




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.









December 31



December 31




















































592










30
000



























30
051






592























30
051








592
































































26
825



























26
825



























50
000




































 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares and 2
050
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively




3
800






050










34
200






450










(84
774































(46
774








392























30
051








592


























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.










For the Year Ended December 31





For the Year Ended December 31




November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012 (cumulative)














































































 general and administrative




(7
215
















323












(77
451














451



























(84
666
















774





























(84
666




















774






















(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted 











































Weighted average shares outstanding
&#160;




3
362
500






068






























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31
 2012

































































Balance
 November 5
 2010 (inception)




















































































Balance
 December 31
 2010





























 December 2011
 at $0.01 per share





050






450












500

























































Balance
 December 31
 2011





050






450














392






 January 2012
 at $0.01 per share





750






750












500























666








666


























Balance
 December 31
 2012







800








200








774










774




























NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.









Year Ended December 31



Year Ended December 31



November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012 (cumulative)





































(84
666




















774





























(30
000














000












26
625












825

























(88
041














949












































17
500






500






000










50
000












000

























67
500






500






000

























(20
541








592

















20
592

















































592


































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.











For the Year Ended December 31



For the Year Ended December 31



For the Period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012 (cumulative)














































































































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
AND THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31
 2012







 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#8220;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#8221;. The Company&#8217;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute products that had been popular in the 1950&#8217;s and 1960&#8217;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.












 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
AND THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31
 2012







. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.




 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company had approximately $84
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2032.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
AND THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31
 2012









 2012 and 2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:








 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.


 2012 and 2011
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
AND THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31
 2012











 (&#8220;ASC 260&#8221;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#8217;s common stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-10 on the financial statements.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
AND THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31
 2012





 2012 represent a prepayment of $30
000 to CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in 2013.




800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.




 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#8217;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The reasons for the substantial doubt along with management&#8217;s plans are as follows.


 the Company&#8217;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to implement its business plan and to generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern.




















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
AND THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5
 2010 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31
 2012





 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development stage with its planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity and/or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.






 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#160;approximately&#160;$5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for&#160; $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to inforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiation&#160; an extension&#160; which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.




 the claim between the Company and Vintage Filings has been settled as of the report date.




















Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.







September 30



December 31
















































592


































592




























592





















































































































 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized as of September 30
 2012 and 3
800
000 and 2
050
000 issued and outstanding at September 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 respectively





800






050











200






450











651



























392





















592


























Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the three and nine month periods ended September 30
 2012 and September 30
 2011



















































Sept. 30
 2012


Sept. 30
 2011


Sept. 30
 2012


Sept. 30
 2011


















































































































 general and administrative




































450












425

















504












425




































504
















543


























































































504


















543




































































































800
000












707
299
































Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the period November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2012






For the period November 5

 2012















































 general and administrative


















425











651


















651








































651




























Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the nine month period ended September 30
 2012






Common Stock
 Par Value $0.001




































2
050
000







2
050







18
450

















20
392


































750
000






750






750










500























543








543












3
800
000







3
800







34
200







(37
651




































Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the nine month periods ended September 30
 2012 and 2011
and November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2012






Sept. 30
 2012


Sept. 30
 2011


For the period November 5

 2012





























543




















651













































000












000











000














000













543
















651




































































500












000











500












200


























043



































 beginning of period





592


















 end of period


























































































































Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the nine months ended September 30
 2012












 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.


 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No.: 333-181652). The Company follows the same accounting policies in the preparation of interim reports.





















 2012
 and has found none of them to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.




















 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.


























 the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.



















 2012 and December 31
 2011.








September 30



December 31






















































 2012.



































000
000 shares of one class of $0.001 par value common stock.




























 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.




























 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $20
500.

































































































 2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&#8217;s bank account
 which supplemented the Company&#8217;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.


























 2012.















 and has identified no significant reportable events through that date.


















 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.







Nine Months Ended Sept. 30



















543




















707
299

















































 2012
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(4
504) compared to the three months ended September 30
 2011 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(54). For the nine months ended September 30
 2012
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(37
543) compared to the nine months ended September 30
 2011 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(72).


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.




















Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. 







June 30



December 31




























































053








592




























053






592






















053






592





















































































































 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized as of June 30
 2012 and 3
800
000 and 2
050
000 issued and outstanding at June 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 respectively





800






050











200






450











147





















853






392













053








592


























Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the three and six month periods ended June 30
 2012 and June 30
 2011



















































June 30
 2012


June 30
 2011


June 30
 2012


June 30
 2011


















































































































 general and administrative




































125












975

















189












039




































189
















039


























































































189


















039




































































































800
000












660
440
































Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the period November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2012












November 5
 2010











June 30
 2012















































 general and administrative


















975











147


















147








































147




























Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the six month period ended June 30
 2012






Common Stock
 Par



















































2
050
000







2
050







18
450

















20
392











750
000






750






750










500























039








039












3
800
000







3
800







34
200







(33
147









4
853


























Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the six month periods ended June 30
 2012 and 2011
and November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2012
























November 5
 2010





June 30



June 30



June 30
 









































039




















147













































000












000











000














000













039
















147




































































500












000











500












200


























539














053





















 beginning of period





592


















 end of period







053
















053



































































































Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.


For the six months ended June 30
 2012














 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.


 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the Company's Regulation Statement on Form S-1 (Regulation No.: 333-181652). The Company follows the same accounting policies in the preparation of interim reports.






















 2012
 and has found none of them to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.




















 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.


























 the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

















 2012 and December 31
 2011.








June 30



December 31






















































 2012.








































000
000 shares of one class of $0.001 par value common stock.





































 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.








































 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $20
500.
































































































































 2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&#8217;s bank account
 which supplemented the Company&#8217;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.


































 2012.

















 and has identified no significant reportable events through that date.




























 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.




















June 30
 2012


















039




















660
440

















































 2012
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(21
189) compared to the three months ended June 30
 2011 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(18). For the six months ended June 30
 2012
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(33
039) compared to the six months ended June 30
 2011 in which we did not generate any revenues and incurred net losses of $(18).


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.




















Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. 







March 31



December 31




























































242








592











000

















242






592






















242






592





















































































































 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized as of March 31
2012 and 3
800
000 and 2
050
000 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2012 December 31
 2011
 respectively





800






050











200






450











958





















042






392













242








592


























Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. 


For the three month periods ended March 31
 2012 and March 31
 2011

































March 31



March 31












































































850

















850




























850




























































850


































































520
879
































Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. 


For the period November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2012












November 5
 2010











March 31
 2012















































 general and administrative
















850











958


















958








































958




























Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. 


For the three month period ended March 31
 2012


























































2
050
000







2
050







18
450

















20
392











750
000






750






750










500























850








850












3
800
000







3
800







34
200







(11
958









26
042


























Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. 


For the three month periods ended March 31
 2012 and 2011
and November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2012












November 5






March 31



March 31



March 31



























850


















958




























































000












000











000












000













850














958




































































500












000











500












200


























350














242





















 beginning of period





592


















 end of period







242
















242



































































































Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. 


For the three months ended March 31
 2012












 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.


 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the Company's Form S-1. The Company follows the same accounting policies in the preparation of interim reports.




















 2012
 and have found none of them to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.






















 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&#160;


















 the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.






















 2012 and December 31
 2011.








March 31



December 31
 2011












000





















000














































 2012 and December 31
 2011.








March 31



December 31
 2011






















































 2012.






















000
000 shares of one class of $.001 par value common stock.












 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.














 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $20
500.








































































 2011 Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&#8217;s bank account
 which supplemented the Company&#8217;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.&#160;


















 2012.&#160;






















 and has identified no significant reportable events through that date.





































 Earnings per Share, which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.




















March 31



















850




















520
879

















































 2012
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(11
850) compared to the three months ended March 31
 2011 in which we did not generate any revenues and did not incur any losses.


 but we are continuing to identify and assess viable discontinued consumer product brands. From the time of our inception in 2010
 we have researched over 100 discontinued consumer products and are focusing upon 20 of those products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products.


 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations.


 management's objective is to raise new capital and seek additional investment opportunities in the consumer products sector. The Company intends to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000. We plan to use the proceeds to acquire rights to discontinued consumer products
 manufacturing
 marketing
 paying accounts payable and other general corporate purposes.


 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan.


















NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC. 



 William P. McDermitt
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify that:








 Inc.














 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;














 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


























 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
















 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
















 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
















 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and











 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
















 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting.







Date:&#160;June 1
 2015

































NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
 INC. 



 Edward O&#8217;Donnell
 the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify that:








 Inc.














 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;














 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


























 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
















 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
















 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
















 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and











 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
















 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting.







Date:&#160;June 1
 2015






































 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K
 for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014
&#160;December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
&#160;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
 William P. McDermitt
 Chief Executive Officer and President of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge:









 as amended; and
















 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









 2015



















































 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K
 for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014
&#160;December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
&#160;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
 Edward O&#8217;Donnell
 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge:









 as amended; and
















 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









 2015



















































        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    





    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its&#13;plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;.&#13;The Company&amp;#146;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s&#13;and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and&#13;personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa&#13;Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles&#13;and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance&#13;with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations

 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary&#13;for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in&#13;conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31


 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles&#13;and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance&#13;with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations

 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary&#13;for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in&#13;conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31


 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles&#13;and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance&#13;with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations

 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary&#13;for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in&#13;conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31


 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles&#13;and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance&#13;with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations

 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary&#13;for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in&#13;conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31


 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles&#13;and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance&#13;with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations

 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary&#13;for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in&#13;conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations&#13;during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps&#13;other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.&#13;Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc.&#13;(the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced planning during the first&#13;quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s business&#13;model is to  have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps other&#13;decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.&#13;Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced planning&#13;during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;business model is to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps other decades
&#13;but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the&#13;proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the&#13;&amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter&#13;2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s business model consists&#13;of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have&#13;been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed&#13;products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations&#13;during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps&#13;other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.&#13;Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations&#13;during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps&#13;other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.&#13;Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations&#13;during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps&#13;other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.&#13;Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations&#13;during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps&#13;other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.&#13;Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations&#13;during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps&#13;other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.&#13;Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan&#13;of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;.&#13;The Company&amp;#146;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the&#13;1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include&#13;candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
&#13;Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing&#13;its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site&#13;&amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and&#13;distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued.&#13;The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include:&#13;Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its&#13;plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;.&#13;The Company&amp;#146;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s&#13;and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and&#13;personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa&#13;Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations&#13;during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s and perhaps&#13;other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.&#13;Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles&#13;and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance&#13;with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations

 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary&#13;for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in&#13;conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31


 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. &lt;/i&gt;This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred

 Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;)&#13;related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when&#13;issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the&#13;convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all&#13;depository accounts. At December 31
 2014

&#13;and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis&#13;of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future&#13;tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered&#13;or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation&#13;allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
&#13;2014 and 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating&#13;losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2014
 the Company had approximately $107

 2014
 2013 and 2012. For the period from November 5
&#13;2010 (inception) to December 31
 2014
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest&#13;of $2

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels&#13;of the hierarchy

 2014 and 2013

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin&#13;No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed&#13;by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during&#13;the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
&#13;warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has&#13;occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company&#13;had approximately $84

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2012 and 2011

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants

 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013&#13;and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting&#13;principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission&#13;(the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and&#13;footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements.&#13;In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary&#13;for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
&#13;2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
&#13;the Company had approximately $88

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012

 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period&#13;from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted&#13;in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;)&#13;which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required&#13;by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of&#13;management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation&#13;of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2013 are not necessarily&#13;indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences&#13;between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities&#13;are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.&#13;Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March&#13;31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally&#13;for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $88

 2012 and 2011. For the period from November&#13;5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest&#13;of $1

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012

 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage&#13;Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
&#13;2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting&#13;principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission&#13;(the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and&#13;footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements.&#13;In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary&#13;for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended&#13;June 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December&#13;31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options.&lt;/i&gt; The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
&#13;the Company had approximately $92

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing&#13;fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012

 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the&#13;period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally&#13;accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;)&#13;which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required&#13;by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of&#13;management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation&#13;of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30
 2013 are not necessarily&#13;indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options.&lt;/i&gt; The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences&#13;between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities&#13;are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.&#13;Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At June&#13;30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally&#13;for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
 the Company had approximately $92

 2012 and 2011. For the period from November&#13;5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest&#13;of $1

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012

 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage&#13;Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended&#13;September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in&#13;accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the&#13;Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not&#13;include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States&#13;of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting&#13;only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results&#13;of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected&#13;for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options.&lt;/i&gt; The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
&#13;2013
 the Company had approximately $98

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012

 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended&#13;September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in&#13;accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the&#13;Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not&#13;include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States&#13;of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting&#13;only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results&#13;of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected&#13;for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options.&lt;/i&gt; The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
&#13;2013
 the Company had approximately $98

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012

 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred

 Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;)&#13;related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when&#13;issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the&#13;convertible instrument equal to the Relative Fair value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all&#13;depository accounts. At December 31
 2013 and 2012

&#13;and
 therefore

 Income Taxes
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets&#13;and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences&#13;for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred&#13;taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established&#13;when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company&#13;has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty&#13;in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $102

 2013
 2012 and 2011. For the period from November 5
&#13;2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest&#13;of $2

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels&#13;of the hierarchy

 2013 and 2012

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin&#13;No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed&#13;by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during&#13;the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
&#13;warrants

 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as&#13;defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has&#13;occurred

 Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2013 and 2012

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2013
 the Company&#13;had approximately $102

 2013
 2012 and&#13;2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise&#13;tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $2

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and 2012

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants

 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 2014 and for the three months period ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in accordance&#13;with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and&#13;Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of&#13;the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for&#13;annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal&#13;recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for&#13;the three months ended March 31
 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the&#13;year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;)&#13;related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when&#13;issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the&#13;convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all&#13;depository accounts. At March 31
 2014

&#13;and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis&#13;of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future&#13;tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered&#13;or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation&#13;allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March 31
 2014&#13;and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating&#13;losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2014
 the Company had approximately $103

 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin&#13;No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed&#13;by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during&#13;the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
&#13;warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels&#13;of the hierarchy

 2014 and December 31
 2013


 2014 and for the three and six months period ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in&#13;accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all&#13;of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America&#13;for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal&#13;recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for&#13;the three and six months ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters&#13;or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;)&#13;related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when&#13;issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the&#13;convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all&#13;depository accounts. At June 30
 2014

&#13;and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis&#13;of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future&#13;tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered&#13;or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation&#13;allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At June 30
 2014&#13;and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating&#13;losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2014
 the Company had approximately $104

 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin&#13;No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed&#13;by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during&#13;the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
&#13;warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels&#13;of the hierarchy

 2014 and December 31
 2013


 2014 and for the three and nine months period ended September 30
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared&#13;in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the&#13;Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not&#13;include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States&#13;of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting&#13;only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of&#13;operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected&#13;for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. &lt;/i&gt;This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;)&#13;related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when&#13;issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the&#13;convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all&#13;depository accounts. At September 30
 2014

&#13;and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis&#13;of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future&#13;tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered&#13;or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation&#13;allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30
&#13;2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally&#13;for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
 2014
 the Company had approximately&#13;$105

 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin&#13;No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed&#13;by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during&#13;the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
&#13;warrants

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels&#13;of the hierarchy

 2014 and December 31
 2013


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has&#13;occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company&#13;had approximately $84

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2012 and 2011

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants

 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued&#13;Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial&#13;Reporting Requirements. &lt;/i&gt;This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to&#13;date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial&#13;statements on January 1


 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period&#13;from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted&#13;in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;)&#13;which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required&#13;by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of&#13;management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation&#13;of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2013 are not necessarily&#13;indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1


 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period&#13;from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted&#13;in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;)&#13;which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required&#13;by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of&#13;management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation&#13;of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2013 are not necessarily&#13;indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1


 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
&#13;2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting&#13;principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission&#13;(the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and&#13;footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements.&#13;In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary&#13;for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended&#13;June 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December&#13;31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1


 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
&#13;2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting&#13;principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission&#13;(the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and&#13;footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements.&#13;In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary&#13;for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended&#13;June 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December&#13;31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1


 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended&#13;September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in&#13;accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the&#13;Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not&#13;include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States&#13;of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting&#13;only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results&#13;of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected&#13;for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1


 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended&#13;September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in&#13;accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the&#13;Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not&#13;include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States&#13;of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting&#13;only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results&#13;of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected&#13;for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;)&#13;issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain&#13;Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception&#13;to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its&#13;financial statements on January 1


 2014 and for the three months period ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 have been&#13;prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations&#13;of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they&#13;do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United&#13;States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting&#13;only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results&#13;of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future&#13;quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1


 2014 and for the three and six months period ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
&#13;have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and&#13;regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
&#13;they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the&#13;United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
&#13;consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The&#13;results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results&#13;to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;)&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU removes&#13;the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures.&#13;The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1


 2014 and for the three and nine months period ended&#13;September 30
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States&#13;of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) which apply to interim&#13;financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles&#13;generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information&#13;contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for&#13;the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2014 are not necessarily indicative&#13;of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) issued&#13;Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial&#13;Reporting Requirements. &lt;/i&gt;This ASU removes the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &amp;#147;inception to&#13;date&amp;#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial&#13;statements on January 1

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has&#13;occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has&#13;occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has&#13;occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of&#13;arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred


&#13;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred


 Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options.&lt;/i&gt; The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options.&lt;/i&gt; The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options.&lt;/i&gt; The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options.&lt;/i&gt; The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


 Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a&#13;beneficial conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at&#13;fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized&#13;and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the Relative  Fair value of the&#13;conversion features


 Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature&#13;(&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that&#13;are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the&#13;carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features

000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At September 30
 2014


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#147;BCF&amp;#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features


000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2014


000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011


000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012


000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012


000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012


000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012


000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012


000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012


000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2013 and 2012


000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2013 and 2012


000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At March 31
 2014


000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At June 30
 2014


000 per bank for substantially&#13;all depository accounts. At September 30
 2014


000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2014
 the Company&#13;had approximately $107

 2014
 2013 and&#13;2012. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2014
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise&#13;tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $2


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company&#13;had approximately $84

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences&#13;between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities&#13;are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.&#13;Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March&#13;31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally&#13;for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $88

 2012 and 2011. For the period from November&#13;5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest&#13;of $1


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences&#13;between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities&#13;are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.&#13;Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March&#13;31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally&#13;for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $88

 2012 and 2011. For the period from November&#13;5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest&#13;of $1


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
&#13;the Company had approximately $92

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing&#13;fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
&#13;the Company had approximately $92

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing&#13;fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
&#13;2013
 the Company had approximately $98

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
&#13;2013
 the Company had approximately $98

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At March 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2014
&#13;the Company had approximately $103

 2013
 2012 and 2011.&#13;These returns
 when filed


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2013
 the Company&#13;had approximately $102

 2013
 2012 and&#13;2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise&#13;tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $2


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes&#13;for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the&#13;assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to&#13;offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At March 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2014
&#13;the Company had approximately $103

 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes&#13;for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the&#13;assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to&#13;offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against&#13;its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2014
&#13;the Company had approximately $104

 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences&#13;between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities&#13;are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable&#13;income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.&#13;At September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
&#13;principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
 2014
 the Company had approximately&#13;$105

 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company&#13;had approximately $84

 2012 and 2011.&#13;For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
&#13;filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2014 and 2013


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2012 and 2011


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and December 31
 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2013 and 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2014 and December 31
 2013


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2014 and December 31
 2013


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2014 and December 31
 2013


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other&#13;market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with&#13;ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different&#13;levels of the hierarchy

 2012 and 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss)&#13;per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares&#13;of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 260&amp;#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#147;SAB 98&amp;#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is&#13;computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise&#13;of options
 warrants


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10&#13;in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes&#13;the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated&#13;guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount&#13;that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule&#13;also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer&#13;contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill&#13;a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 2012


 2012


 2012


 2012


 2012


 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates&#13;the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date&#13;information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective&#13;prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10&#13;in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue&#13;recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires&#13;additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
&#13;including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.&#13;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10&#13;in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue&#13;recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires&#13;additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
&#13;including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.&#13;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10&#13;in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue&#13;recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires&#13;additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
&#13;including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.&#13;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10&#13;in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue&#13;recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires&#13;additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
&#13;including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.&#13;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10&#13;in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue&#13;recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires&#13;additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
&#13;including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.&#13;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10&#13;in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue&#13;recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires&#13;additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
&#13;including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.&#13;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10&#13;in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue&#13;recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires&#13;additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
&#13;including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.&#13;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods


 the FASB issued&#13;ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure of Uncertainties about&#13;an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&amp;#146;s responsibility&#13;to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related&#13;footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The&#13;amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates&#13;the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date&#13;information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective&#13;prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
&#13;however early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements&#13;in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize&#13;revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which&#13;the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about&#13;the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments&#13;and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued&#13;Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends the requirements for reporting discontinued&#13;operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported&#13;as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations&#13;and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the&#13;component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures&#13;about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify&#13;for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued&#13;ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure of Uncertainties about&#13;an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management&amp;#146;s responsibility&#13;to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related&#13;footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The&#13;amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates&#13;the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date&#13;information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective&#13;prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
&#13;however early adoption is permitted. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial&#13;statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements&#13;in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize&#13;revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which&#13;the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about&#13;the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments&#13;and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360)
 Reporting&#13;Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends the requirements for&#13;reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity&#13;is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major&#13;effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified&#13;as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition
 this&#13;ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component&#13;of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The guidance is effective&#13;for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):&lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about&#13;management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as&#13;a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing&#13;and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
&#13;2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting&#13;Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
&#13;including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity.&#13;The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
&#13;has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue&#13;recognition requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires&#13;additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
&#13;including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.&#13;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#13;(Topic 360)
 Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 which amends&#13;the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under ASU 2014-08
 a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of&#13;components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that&#13;has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets&#13;the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than&#13;by sale. In addition
 this ASU requires additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually&#13;significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.&#13;The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2014


 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2014-10
 &lt;i&gt;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-10 eliminates&#13;the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date&#13;information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective&#13;prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods


 2012


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2014 and 2013 represent a prepayment of $17
000 and $18
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for&#13;consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.&#13;During the year ended December 31
 2014
 CUBBO utilized $1


 2012 represent a prepayment of $30
000 to CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $27
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
&#13;Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $27
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
&#13;Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $24
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
&#13;Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at June 30
 2013 and&#13;December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $24
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered&#13;in the future. CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $19
500 and $30
000
 respectively
 with&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $19
500 and $30
000
 respectively
 with&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2013 and 2012 represent a prepayment of $18
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for&#13;consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO


 2013 represent a prepayment of $18
000 to CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at March 31
 2014&#13;and December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $18
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future.&#13;CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at June 30
 2014 and&#13;December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $18
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $17
500 and $18
000
 respectively
 with&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability&#13;to sign checks. During the nine months ended September 30
 2014


&#13;2012 represent a prepayment of $30
000 to CUBBO


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were&#13;sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


800
000 shares&#13;of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were&#13;sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were&#13;sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were&#13;sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were&#13;sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were&#13;sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief&#13;Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were&#13;sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


800
000 shares&#13;of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100


 2012
 the Company issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing&#13;on December 31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum.&#13;The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender&amp;#146;s&#13;sole option


 2012
 the Company&#13;sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
&#13;interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert&#13;all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.&#13;In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the&#13;note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company&#13;sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
&#13;interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert&#13;all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.&#13;In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the&#13;note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.&#13;In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the&#13;note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.&#13;In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the&#13;note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company&#13;sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
&#13;interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert&#13;all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000&#13;maturing December 31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8%&#13;per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
&#13;it any
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.&#13;In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the&#13;note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company&#13;received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue&#13;on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of&#13;the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company&#13;received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue&#13;on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of&#13;the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event&#13;of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled&#13;to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 2012
 the Company&#13;sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
&#13;interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert&#13;all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&amp;#146;s sole option


 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks&#13;and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any&#13;revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However


 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However


 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However


 which contemplate the realization&#13;    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history&#13;    or sales



 which contemplate the realization&#13;    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history&#13;    or sales



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the&#13;substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business




 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the&#13;substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The&#13;Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities&#13;in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties&#13;inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since&#13;inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the&#13;substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The&#13;Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the&#13;substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The&#13;Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the&#13;substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The&#13;Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the&#13;substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The&#13;Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the&#13;substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure.&amp;#160;The&#13;Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commerce operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the&#13;substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business




 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks&#13;and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated&#13;any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks&#13;and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated&#13;any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks&#13;and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any&#13;revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities&#13;in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties&#13;inherent to new business




 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related&#13;to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable&#13;and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. As of December
 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to&#13;the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the&#13;plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes&#13;shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&amp;#160;approximately&amp;#160;$5
900&#13;related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for&amp;#160; $6
083
 including fees
 which is included&#13;in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc.&#13;with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to inforce the judgment; however
 the time&#13;frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiation&amp;#160; an extension&amp;#160;&#13;which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which&#13;is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
&#13;the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension&#13;which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which&#13;is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
&#13;the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension&#13;which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which&#13;is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
&#13;the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension&#13;which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which&#13;is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
&#13;the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension&#13;which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which&#13;is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
&#13;the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension&#13;which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which&#13;is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
&#13;the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension&#13;which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related&#13;to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable&#13;and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00&amp;#160; was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect&#13;of the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which&#13;the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes&#13;shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related&#13;to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable&#13;and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the&#13;judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff&#13;initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be&#13;sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related&#13;to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable&#13;and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the&#13;judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff&#13;initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be&#13;sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which&#13;is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. As of September 30
 2014
 $500.00 was&#13;paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment;&#13;however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an&#13;extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350


 2015














 2015


 2015


 2015


 2015


 2015


 2015


 2015
 which is the date the financial statements&#13;were available to be issued. Except for the matter discussed in Note 8




 2015


 2015


 2015













    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    













    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    





    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    











    

    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;$5
894 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for the amount of $6
083
 including fees


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;$5
894 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for the amount of $6
083
 including fees


 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for $5
894 related to services rendered&#13;in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for the amount of $6
083
 including fees


 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage&#13;Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage&#13;Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage&#13;Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage&#13;Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage&#13;Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage&#13;Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;. Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 consequently
 meets the definition&#13;of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprise&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;Under FASB ASC 915


 2012 and December 31





 2012 and December 31





 2012 and December 31

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31



 2012 and December 31

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31



 2012 and December 31

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31



 2012 and December 31





000
000 shares of one class of $.001 par value common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Wingdings&gt;&amp;#168;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;During the three months ended March 31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Wingdings&gt;&amp;#168;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;During the three months ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $20


000
000 shares of one class of $.001 par value common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Wingdings&gt;&amp;#168;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;During the three months ended March 31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Wingdings&gt;&amp;#168;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;During the three months ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $20


000

 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash&#13;    totaling $17

 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash&#13;    totaling $20


000

 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several&#13;    accredited investors for cash totaling $17

 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several&#13;    accredited investors for cash totaling $20


000

 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several&#13;    accredited investors for cash totaling $17

 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several&#13;    accredited investors for cash totaling $20


000

 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash&#13;    totaling $17

 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash&#13;    totaling $20


&#13;    2011 Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&amp;#146;s bank account
&#13;    which supplemented the Company&amp;#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt&#13;    purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5



&#13;    2011 Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&amp;#146;s bank account
&#13;    which supplemented the Company&amp;#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt&#13;    purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5



&#13;    2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&amp;#146;s bank&#13;    account
 which supplemented the Company&amp;#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt&#13;    purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5



 2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish&#13;    the Company&amp;#146;s bank account
 which supplemented the Company&amp;#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities.&#13;    Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5



 2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish&#13;    the Company&amp;#146;s bank account
 which supplemented the Company&amp;#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities.&#13;    Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5



&#13;    2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&amp;#146;s bank&#13;    account
 which supplemented the Company&amp;#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt&#13;    purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5



 &amp;#34;Earnings per Share
&amp;#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on&#13;    the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator&#13;    and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying&#13;    financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number&#13;    of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average&#13;    number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this&#13;    method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
&#13;    and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
&#13;    shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would&#13;    be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Three Months&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
520


 &amp;#34;Earnings per Share
&amp;#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on&#13;    the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator&#13;    and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying&#13;    financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number&#13;    of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average&#13;    number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this&#13;    method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
&#13;    and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
&#13;    shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would&#13;    be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Three Months&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
520


 &amp;#34;Earnings&#13;per Share
&amp;#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with&#13;complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the&#13;numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common&#13;stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic&#13;net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is&#13;computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning&#13;of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the&#13;average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants&#13;are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive&#13;instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Six Months&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(33
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
660


 &amp;#34;Earnings&#13;per Share
&amp;#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with&#13;complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the&#13;numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common&#13;stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic&#13;net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is&#13;computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning&#13;of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the&#13;average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants&#13;are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive&#13;instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Nine Months Ended Sept. 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 89%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(37
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
707


 &amp;#34;Earnings&#13;per Share
&amp;#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with&#13;complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the&#13;numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common&#13;stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic&#13;net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is&#13;computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning&#13;of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the&#13;average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants&#13;are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive&#13;instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Nine Months Ended Sept. 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 89%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(37
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
707


 &amp;#34;Earnings per Share
&amp;#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement&#13;for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS&#13;computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss&#13;per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding&#13;during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during&#13;the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to&#13;be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used&#13;to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock&#13;options&amp;#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common&#13;share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Six Months&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(33
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
660


 2012 and December 31






 2012 and December 31






    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


    
    
    

 2012 and December 31




 2012 and December 31
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31


 2012 and December 31

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
520


 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(33
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
660


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 89%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(37
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator - basic and diluted loss per share - weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
707


 2012 and December 31





    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  























































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800



      


      


      


      


















      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      










      


      













      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      










      



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!S)'QL`0(``*X7```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
F%%KVS`4A=\'^P]&KR-6


/SE/30J=2Z0
X7%GXV*F


M%;)**F255
A:42%K186L%16R5E3(6E$A:_6_R)JQC00^7/_];SK('*FF4MY8

[SYT+;/_P(``/__
M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@O
MYGUBETZ




MN4-B#`FK
03E2)MCH#MT*^P.W2)W6#J*&48Q+QK%L;/!M=]2R.2+V?8W.ER4

M#?2&I$%.$.0L'3D



'-8&IH
H2D-

EE&3FCH4Q]\[T^_`\-XJH-ONSKH=





_[H!4]J+#=(I8$`9S0E/B3AH44M_/V7\U5M

!?DHBY8X_P
`KF$'T0
M/7
_8`3%;&#X8'#&[#2H+0

7=#)9`PYC4(
MU@3:3HT?C@*#9RCDP?KUUA'_;-\
3!H
SH*GLR!BC$1S/@ZB*'@1H1#VIA

(?=$Q4X9LLZ\*G?/S

:;DKP7PS
FR;@AX*G83^NF9FRV_

M+5L*Q?1(SKI(1VKHZ/@W&Y8V\U/&C'$A'5P;[`4H_WEE8-Z^`&82E(V__6
M8QHIK(

KN
G5/\U5



MSBN_;OM+

SZ_W6;M\I53*=@6X9E?[NG<WG&3V<SV\W3V
M]LL`LD)3@9%B:(0^0R.6=;$1.S1G[&18M6QG/(%72F%5N@SME)UG%*Y6C$?
M$)'^K-!G;.7262F'1N@S-G+Q@JA%?J



V9.HZQI*91L3P1
@M




=`T
?:Y@*='FB8=![IAH&EWVF

-#EI0Z!`'S2
#:LQ$K'0.L=0QX#V,Z
;.=&&*/6*Z.+5A

4QBA
4)BB


MY05!QFE
Z;`3U@

T

TX!I&3!M`Z83
?Q22
Z!JKX+S5`R]:3F

9*%2@YEG*[4X1L^12VE_S+8KE*T0(#*]F`58`%64OM

M14\BA;=(Y(O6-U+``46G@(@;1DVS=@!@;
4.I
CNY

)L(LU
MC

M*I42[CPK@XZL)2L:)V%



MYI0$$##Q9#VB


MC(!QE4;G\(;R9M:!
!I71H:L#

IT




``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`!5-

8[?N
%/


$S(A0)K/




QOTY7K)\1](KKIQ`SNYWXL1P
M@RY2D$ZRGAO

N7Q?'U*C2I


M`P!02P

M+W-H965T

3:
M)(YLL^S^?6=B2P%'B`9'QRYLSQ.


_%$EYQC:%^2FW

&PO=V]R

M




M[\+4-.*P



1EW3,0?N8]!J)ES!
MATPQ,,/`G`'P\U;':EF>R$(CJ
MCPJUXQHHE`6YO(43\BB%4_\(XAFD:II!7NX6`\#\5DP7K;&M2CR4GHY&@NK=

58F+6C]2)1YJVEB5H*I
-`H4CJDJ\5!5

2=JO#N:9'N


M'5M=XE86J$7:

<9K/

/78IJ/JJC/PK;(N^J3KB/RCOJH[#+^









MCU:R[$@[O$G(NX[M49]N@@+(*=S0I


@/^2Z[#
@`VQ


MNI=]XC23'%


PQL(B`LRH*Q#)B1*(K#+Q=``KD

#.(J
M2='1]K^E4,X5(I0BO*^$4F2]78=7<G9)LE7`NZA`O8S,;').*2[;1PRT,-#&
M0`<#70ST,-#'P``#3QAXQL`0`R,,O&!@C(%7#$PP,,7`#`-S#PPL

5`#P-]#`PX


4$`U


!(:I&H:!OHOF^88L!)$T0Y:YC)7`
M

&.NE3'7SICK
M9
QU

N3&?.SE7*=R+







MD

&/J59T`Q\M^`6W%8H


41R`N
ME+*;B;M
M]^XZ7\```#__P




MJU9INFP@[FTRI.S`W0\NZ*5@6AE5V@CHB!=Z&?
=N2/`-)L6`B)PMB/-RQP_








SK3

6AK$KQ







X<L@%9:TT
M0IO]?UZ#R4CRBP[?P75L/
Y)/QE'VZ#%TAIWB-BB8!?C2`V(E$(S!^2ID8@
M`+5:


B=:Z6CA)@%^-6-F(1&4[ZD1L)3!
MYAFO#

_)!JC=9H1
M6RAVY]&9)K*7FRV%N#VEQWPL4/(8A:A'@61;(#;I\0)E2[<$.BTM)A)C73:



'X84CI[A%
`%
M8T+=H'OZ4W/_'P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`'
L)G$P`P``Y@H``!D`

A04

&*7





M8W@
GH)`]-1##0(?



VYU_Q
MX29G4


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

S+GAM;)Q8

M&I*I_$&8_&WV[S^3&XU?V8601`*%D$WE2Y)$8T5ASH4$-NO0B(00.=$XL!.X
MC


&3TE'9!3Q(

1D7_WD/WI;$^]\
M2:#:?4B(YS5V/PS'#`49#IZGRLYU(<'@/]2X/'.`$/L]_1X\]SD
I6[@TY_




M^ON/KRO#Q_^&Z5&O8K+4K-V:C4:




?L-``#__P


_[T8%M2D2(E&2_HV'ZE
%,B*9D1!_/+`2EFKY<E[Y'(B




_6#GU:4[0\*JAU0CJO8?HZ
MIS(!0T'&4*ME/`


M''-&M`
H?S-\E3\&%AB(
;#$P`H#:PQ`CZ4CKY8U^9N6R=R_.15[.J-9)JV$
M'W4[U(
P


M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`#MM


!1%]P/^0WA[D]:%#$-3-R*X

M28EY

GYBQO0K*IJ;?)?![0O3K7O+.1]5X
Z/5)9_NR.?1\\;J._SDCRSX1)

OS]@D``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`

BYX;6R4


M.:R377Y(A_JOM-2_O?[YQ\M77GR4VS2M-/!P*(?ZMJJ.S]UNN=JF^Z3LY
?T
M`


%0A;A<W#X_$/`66_7/V<_=83
@'
M?ALH




35
J6%&#7-J6%##LF5`ZQ/K?[0W__=-'KN*5`[9A8XX
I'B#=%O00Z9:@1T@W;(O<WZ2M6_T^U6.D]P1]



M@B46+%/!
A
`(O*\%=.?

0(1$$)

2$$'U


M9=


F1U-(\3A8[JW6))B


-







MJ8BXMXCR9R:W1+-;%/%*D%X1F=XB+;N(S$H0IXC

0K
9!H7DRBS'$OD

N1A1Y9
MZI&5'EGKD4TE4K`'',MJV$/0BCV4_VQCB4A[M+J9/11W:`E72TRTA*<EIEIB
MIB7F6F*A)99:8J4EUEIB<TTT[;9H3-Z7@B/@K%W#$8)6'*$<9,82J7*$EGU





=G-]

E\WU]5W=4'4O1!



MLY/S]M0O_FRV^2J
+D+5][T$Z#A61TF2^?$_JU










*OSLI.%'WNBTUC^6&



&`KV['LS
%3(Y%2Y2LOV
MBD^&YA



M

U:GSG3N
=9


XY[H
M.TRSUF?.-.Z)OL

M&A.




MJ(D*3.\)4(/POKOO_




M5'
OS;@`@I]ND!?](X&






MY`.HT1!P[&(1W8/
3*&A)U



MFGU2N%&

#@QH[A:W01G!_D?A!M0
$2*@[-1I
+

M7EAE&!P&CR
0*$D0SH7VY66(R6)]64P;3'0!OA=G5)
X0^R?
Q`K.H51/_H^
8&/(RU+04NH#OV04J]`KH%\5<`.4
MC'U6!FR^GP8PFGC2U8`KP`-U<\S4`VCUL4+D'9H89(\#Q'%C<#84-Z
(#R?


Y0@QLGRXP*_E9Z]V(:C*90/+1*3U/&


MG
Q^K5T+&OV(4P'47UA2U*_Q(32M#%0&#L6A:EBV





@C<_=#JGC-PTL6,4_8AUB[5917@=HP#.:DR[`@X86T)CS%=M;603F
?
M01)=_J-5:V
\-'R$H

'58
!^-


M!R@L_(/)I2B4W+Z#OT;13`-GCCWN\)?X$!Q'OS((YG!''/L7ZBR5X9/=038
MC,`?'LC`*'#4,2T18=@Z?,H]5KW1Y7!O`._.2#W=08&(ZLTI&#GC@?KOSO
MZQ;.\G*U
QU=XY`F1N]LY9JV07T
\J33?ZEB?X[XNW:GU#WFA;N-+D;(.^T7


G(C%QO






D!^@X&0#SJ\97@
ED)PB


MA&RDX+/\N0M?4)_6^K%9#^66))&
@)!S/W;Q.P




M3+6QZX'%DU;

2_(



Q8P)(^Y
MB01[59$S!TN`?IBCPIBN1



-9+8.DQ$


8-


M4`?TS:B+Y(XY%6G


('009H*?36&_%^IS$ZRBJ$)A4`[R-@J.9HS`?\3[A

N#1QNYH;+

MDP[/NF`/E$/NVQ1L(#G1#.%7`.XB]YVNCBKZ-\!
7BN=),9_$.G,4'RFET;PQWST?H6
M3D1=&<%!?DWZBF@-!\U%E#VY

QSPG;87K?!\\#TUO6`UI9X^$=N[W]G'
M/_G=%A)9Z=@PR*K;:`C5T].%P85P]?LH_9%N&.L<$DUT.5,Q!L8H0!T;_F?4
MX++0L2?,TD+3%\@:$1?5OAIA)F5<(E!%FL^[W;S<@M10;%
WUP#3R
'B&
MGW/




!T[FWBA?3@44GK=UT_+&\K4S%&74M
`\AR!









M)QC*,7JYN-*[**TGF(EC6?ZT7*Z]H`%VIE!)9BVEJ[LT92Z1CT5[F19(TJ
M_8467+7F`.PEHK







M@;@@4[

8!-R0]WZ@N=9WR
M0^)C4CUM[QYM(_Q.)/@36/K@_JW))!I6YH%`'LI'KFULP:8YX4`A*U#0[?



M8^%3:5-EQMY8]_3P?1RY5OZZ2O=Z/.ZV^@R;/7?U0I5ZYY)KZ@+45JJTE2JL


MK&NZW19--0FD?YLBAA('PS=&4&*=8HJ(-/_PL04W%*=HOZHW!+LIE-$W_[%
M_RO7\GXYKD4MP:MF=9LW:LO*6H?C&GU[C[0_;U#TM+_O586_
RF3):J89F8

M*IZ?KC_0A^:.KH!:7BE\JU)''98\1
_U&]6


JL9LTX]W]\G6





8N'7WMBV[.ZUTOV6V4*U$[(G;B+#
M7X7UL]SCVH'OS%Z3#
H1JO($/=X2?/SH;X062[BPH7E28;[&-G[27=3ZO85
M;INII[(%UY;0_NS



^GXDIZE$UQ4

W;:;/T2\N15Z`B[113BAGPW3:!&
L.)'

MJ'T=\?M=DKP!/C111




J
+0#7+13XD4K#\
;2
M*`TCS#[.#RK94J^L7R=1-K`][!

P3K`6;AO+5VDP
MEWN]
1V7@T]X\


M
.4\2`$T9M?A;Y
0Q/EY3(PWJFPQYE'B*8`**V6!U0/*`+SD97F(5W%6'&@P


MPTIR51-9M&%)HLDC4:OIM%L#++^!R]%`6WK=-)EE+J=)U7[.;6S23$?5`N


F3.)J+.([!LA(<=SI5

'MC;.ERBXJ%V^EVF^G\R

M!S6DW-B'FHM:DR0QEZ83$$&!KL8![@;-1YQ#O^()`3/WX=H-
M!/.8.S1DVMB?S

#'&6#BS9+(

*(`2@
MY8)9S7GE


93S8ISJ+R`R])?(#1D






MSJ_1/CQU^U&`-IK
:75O8*WG^Z(+G


MMFJ458SOJ?
XRA;\/7_)`L2\!?%AEB6

MP


M==WU3I1'$NY.G.%^`(H18NCLU8^[*%#3JN$+:@!LU?GZ?D^KA6$KR!@N_P
M+/?RO9QE



HXGO)UMLH[SP@K'$FT)X


B9N%CI

P!;)/SM@)=^WO:`UB43


RUW=


M2\0*F*4-FJS!H4ZU.[;_-M501SW^TNBV@I-MD)E:JI

M\P\?PIQ^C;NNHQBV;@?/)/`_WU`0JT*BYENIQ99Y\15IUHA/J6/H3@-_HGIO
M_!'$

MDNI)6$A`5C221'5QE2$:N!E&/@A%M%?K;B)1T7=#TO681[
IR;&@322=P9L#


MP4R8%.@K](:`&TSX#B@:2Y.*#]EF9'D$AB]Q.MF(GBSA]-@IRO?P%O@'DCF6







M:

M7A2!4LPY18&-!HK


8


:FZT%R`_JC3(DMDK.





M((3:76,FV+$=)02'QA?M,2/UK::@.KI%2XC0':\DQH9.@!LE3-C9J]E
L/'

IK?_E75

WF%I-G0

&FT(]\ZM))ZJZ
AX


M;ZA_L3NHZ46[``]]$[`7

M$:*C+/3/(ZQ8/*&0J7#(^6@AM2ZF+*AGHMZN?C67%#*F)%%)=^..QJA+C8



!+4
M&.N2M+&/L
=8!T0&**3?WF@!LKV)@.KCT5\*=G3*?)'_$&+O1GD@QM@E%[

OG3+W?SL8W

9(B3[#@W=WI'-/

(%5)QD`
M)-=
\
7:$+]X






DA%(IDU&KC=:4G

MKE;O`#N;B(!XDKYM1RIHQHA[X`949N+;#`=\DZ^C

![#CO]?64NA'N
D-Z=GA?S^EA$M\%T





M2RI;431
M7]'Z9J&!@S3N)-JC0





M7.Q4#]!6KW?9[;W6'608Y^D8FJT=)Q!


MF71/O&








N.XBP@LK=\C`9OX%VV=WWHK3:R

0J]!-!D-&7T-6A$NZ$;AG\P1
MK6%Y)#]O$^1_Z)&G58#SLG'J77@F+A:J
`)?

M$\OS)]1O-(60P


$.^2QSD1K2\(TB36$S:B=Q+3\L[%NNK

M!*VF&4_!J&?^?+%6L$!;YJU.@&I]PD/[I'2'4S#=]$T%NOPH]WQ2K5BR;8
Q

M5/HK$@03[`D
6.\Y!G47C6']ONJ+$CM!#@-;8%T9[RJ/XQE@'4#PZ_B%]&O
MQMLK;H%%[77]WE-1/7CW5E)8_ZAO?U^4G;,1(6_[NM-;Y\`D%OU/]`CL3Z$I
M1ME('2/H)$OCSRP'T)^2;T;YE7#G+LG`2N#



%L4D8ICC0ENYCJ_!D)X_&YTK:3
M98^__@T``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(@`\0I!P``,V,```T```!X;]S
M='EL97

M!451-F
^%)*ZDU+TNW=F^9J51'%I4EHW$7(65]J9WSQW=W9)W7R[\5SELQU&
M3N!/U-YE5U5LWPH6CO\T4?_^:%R




M=/418W56!'T`
!P

A`O8%

M#[2K9



@O39UV=EEP

=7PQ6;'!R2MZ+$O

M@+

MJRF;&!37[UWGR?=L5HA3$S+?AT%L6S$[4


MOC2%D*0+&`J-0!HXII'VO)+D7.!9`#BND6F+\Q#B%)B*9$
`.%(@$$/T)(V_
M/8I!T@A

ME2V:@%;6/5D])2M'L`5;2Y&E-((SL]JI\AR$SJ^PR

M(*/#Q\_K*':6VWIS&BQ[_










MX#@C`@





+O6\/+L:#Z=W%0)]-[^Z


M96UE+W1H96UE



MM6)M85W?_-)UZ8+Q=
WP%
$H9UKKUUM7=G+Z!L#4

M+$6:]?Y&K9/1+(#LXS+M;K51K;OX`OWU)9E;G4ZGT4IEL40-R#[6E_`;U69]

AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;
M+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)B
MS0!O$ER8L4.^7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__ZOE3].KYD^.'SXX?_G3\


0

QPK

GD!:+=FD$?IF7Z0RN

Q*A!\2YICQ.IXI')61'.*(%0U^$ZNP3
C!7/A%

9&R;

M45*&'=`X+&(_D%

MF8D27UXGW(G?P9Q-
#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=V684ZK;E\*YLM[UMV

\S210*:D`XD2+N&\:(9+:6L\]/[*GC8;^AQB*X?$:H^/[?Z'LZ.&SD9
M(U5@SK09HW5-X*S
UJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=F5O-B&:*HL
B_[J&:<E
7*
MDB):#QL




M=G1=2R83XJNBLPLCVG;V-2VE?*:(&(3C(S1B
W&`P?TZ5$&?
95PXV$J@GZ!







+:6


U+GAM;)R8

M]XW*YY^5Y




M#M5YK8^F@\G

M)M



M.5L9;Y`+\4VSY1KX;&GFLF;'-1/S%F(Z&LD6Q98L^%%CA(
!^:LL#E`OB\

L+GQ&C+QUXS-?.:;0_6\98#'Z?
MD8ELV?70V#TT3@^-VT.S[Z'QN.8^41^#`(.P!22'8;=*#K
;SPAN7]U9S5JM

7`SV&'@8^!@$&(0M()D#@U?
&7]Z


M/`@E`[NW)5-CXR;(.*[I-$Y(Q/AM#!P
7`$ZC'LL\81$=.QC$&`0MH!D'#QQ
M)>/8?>WQUF6ML(%39#7M+8N!C8&#@8N!_/Z86Z9)LK





XDZJYT70`1T*7Z$3^C(I3DI=:2HXP-'/`3CL*?JC$+RIZJ0\RGFD%
MAT'USS

W/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A




MNTG(H];;:JFE2(*G?W^=3[F?]M5SW





_[_+S&-G3


M@(H.I
M#&8RF



@8R`3(%
@
R!S(%9$=+$4+X`L@:R`K(%L@&R!F8B/JI!
MBQ+I0EG^!^GK)/I$I%;J'4@C9!HB4UX2=I4-(41S\06+6!=*):C\'.OEQZ
M+$G_%;O@
OV0*0/9`!D&.DD8ED4\)(&'%G8Q:`)F*6O'U1MK5SX01EYZ#


O2`D_


V#]C029NN%JBV
M@73N\=/-]M



:A.@$SO\3/+]C
'54N0




)?E_'A:[RS?7VWZ_;IY.7V
M[B=[T5YFARF!P\\`K`I]!A`,@UR@E-@'`L%)8INWP[(11I5TMBUBU1@E@T6
M!!;4*@9=
:5P\L^6H;02A4K2M/IE@ZX3L4:_8M`E40HG'VS]2M1J3-AT6!

M4JFE:04US:#7!EBAKQET68]\H1MTF$2^U`VZPTCA58..DLC7ND$'2N0;W:!C




$%``&``@````A`(RN
AN6M2)-#[70Y



O\

B@!23LO2(]SOI/NA/K5G_X^%`'Z)\L?2N%YUYY








M0C&F7
R6F_!B(A7L5!`+8`@9:M($7?W_2!.1(6GB-9IST+;M.56++@)]W%5
ML%2!IP*?`Z&8D5S,BIOP8@(5K%6P44'(@5

&

;HUZ3ZW&P0
1%9(F(AXB/R`J1`)$U(AM$


UF%
B)@D1

M!)186AU$[ZLE`^1=6/`]H@D11+2(1TZ%[%O*YLD,D%KVD;,$@K)AD%GF
MW4.%*

M




M*QZO`*
U0SQBMJU9EA+X#78+.6I;N



Q*_.K'*
)H


=1K&$Y(R1??4'
L:VX6+&Q)UY
MW=D6Y*:C,1V1^!BM,3(P\CGJ`W#J
`HS5&&XQC+8811CM,*W676SZZK2

K\4@[W`O9I(%!KVQ^(V9\L8W






MTMKIMP^0_%).6W(!I+R0SX]5]4NV*G[!*MZ

B*!`E./*ZE7@MSD-:@W\)`\IK\
MO(X*C51JI*I_`E:STR8'FOW:N;H9;':3D9K=VB.QV6I5.^PBV2W%6B/YM32G









^2B6CQ7PQ3V6*WDIG*RB7+X;5:








M*LM768'*E56I+)BE97(%KL-2F6+S4V9RLI55J&R2I55#5EV1^-!NH&9XA*8
MZSI7C:R]`"??KMNMJ-MQ@!1BA%-*$*6(
D0YH@)1B:CJD#S)V+7
PU'G

MU

MI2HK4UFYRBI45JFRJB'+[GH\6CFPDEPDNVL')K9*TD@'RT`D0AH@A1CA!
ME+*$.6(D0EHLI=I6:6!@?S:IGJ=PFBM;?!-:(#5UV([AN

:64
7D(]6

&\3&
M+@M`K%66K[(E16JK$AEQ2HK45FIRLI45JZRI55JJQJR+([&H_F#8Q=C.#-
M+A&\RW89D8\H0!0BBA#%B!)$*:(
48ZH0%0BJBQD5ZD8MYK3AF6@;B]1J[8B
M5[


M4]&:LVARIK)RR7*6[!H+R7)Y?96BQ6NB$JU9=XUV+^
AJCH
?WT.P__B`W6S

M5%:ILJHAR^Z
/+@W
--A1&_6H-X#=8A\1`&B$%&$*$:4($H198AR1`6B$E%E


M8LB7J/*E*BM36;G**E16J;+



H6?[/?/DN90R
MIQ2Q=BC/O9B'W@OQ5F(*O0OBK

M$:68)_PQA=[G\


C

X%(;O5]K_@+@?OB$)2C)J0OB(

2:-6NS?#Y
GQB\_KXQ.[R^^O9:&\D+K)


ME2H4_/HS&O1XS#


M+[[\0=JFZV5-KPKL*5B0YI*R'6KZ4&!*O_#BE4
I?%0)4`)
Y8')K-29JL`:


03T$R!?L1T
&7

@.0%[27+B



3=J`5OEHZQ




M.FQPVWC?NSR[G0AR9MQ%$\Z^DPX0(MT(D?@S;TJZH'&_L=V%O&C[L;9D+9PR

M`DIEPN$B]6#=X!MVP;K%+1\.15AG8_MP9


M



M5



O6[

*:?CUBFCDJ+[UGG')?#(
MV_'J
9.24L9


%


MRAU12@OMX9A26%5M;H0)9;30#DTIQ4/BSBBE]9`E7VA.*:C8A8&!Y%]22@M9


M`V


`W



)^7MF)*%':6XD
MH0-D822UZZ?



M#=@X)'$EF4H@G$)QVL'3'`-8,IV)C-OORW+LJ5N#=%.[4T/U__.G1+/NCV
MV\_#WOH1)FD4'^]LYZ)N6^%Q'6^BX_N=O9AW_KFVK30+CIM@'Q_#._M7F-K?
M[O_^Z_8S3KZGNS#

OB:O-?2
M4Q(&FSSHL*^Y]7JS=@BBH\T=_

M_AMDSB-M]D%V-5X1^F8;VHW-7ZO]U$
`(V[582;N_L!\=?.8Y=N[_-)V@9




Y8'9W-E7M@5Y2:'B?MR[WN5M[0=4R;I@'BG3=%2D



`44:51KR!3K4(*B[(XJ@:1IK



3)S&)MD:`YN
M(J71H=P]%]#9M+P4T-FTO!;0V
8O=6_<)


MHLQ(U)PKYW.R

`$&A+OD2[L$CT_

[O`8Q6:XLK
M4M6W2N7W*[53
F)==DNEBG(=M
![')*+1A.&MX5!R8C&AL1G1)@Q429%E)1Z
MXC


+8RHI1&U4CJA%AY[:2I?VKZH-_Z.%1[YQ?I]A#
AM@]5




MI9E&##V?Y9'^
/%\EBGZ`YQ&/K@:_='QX;2'\AT'FM;H?0=:UN@C!QK6Z
^.


MGOQ+%I_RD[:W.(/CROSC#HZG0]AH\CO/;1QGX@MKH#SPOO\7``#__P
`4$L#
&ULG)U;<QLYDD;?-V+_@T+O8[&*%4J;$_8=;]O;.SEF99HF]&2J!#I





M[_NO8+&^MW




M?_1J\=`C


1-9_#?_]O7TX_/QT&9K4^+;9'])M
M/]7EQ?VO_6'W]/_C'P;3%./@T`XV+SB-GB\_7-_
YH%YL7=FN1I7

M?_[XNOM]8;+%O.;^9=WG7G#7OQ7[EL:%'-_D6^_1O+E^EB_]-)\N;RXOS-O8
MFPOSY^=@&7R\^M

+W+S+D$Z;6
6.22WPQLSIF
PJ
M=DQN@1O#5E]8PPXI.:A&8'X]QFYI*];\H-51I!N:5**R@KJG2HW
R.RI6Y


2J+XVJ'1$C0F+
K
ME*(2LN!FJ
Q=6(87RE%ABRT$@X6_1&7.4K!Z7ZD%A:VE$106EE90V'ON4`G=
M.R+9





(67FFD
M6GHY'LQ&D

ME1S)VZ/2HV-'94!R(`60$D@%I#Z2M]?3*)SVZ-@U=SXAER(P#1UR+89FQM(T




MQLF\C@*-%:NL1&6E*BM36;FU2+TMW:ESW*=55BE9X9S-5:FLVEHG8]^HK%9E

MRDI45JJR
I656XL6%CO?%BJK%*T;]G12J:S:6B=CWZBL5F5UUB*1\%9/\ZSO
M\/AY]D[!]SH[8Z(%#R@N/_PS`STK`11BBA#E
J$)6(*D0UH@91BZ@CB(:T
?MIU<'W6)C1`FB%%&&*$=4..2N&#]3ETZRQ^4*48VH0=0BZ@@B00[%


MINEGA]@3FU!_%_?*FZ5^I+)BE96HK%1E92HKMQ8IR9#WLT6+_TA::2T:+]X3

WMHZ^CHA4M[0`(O12AEB#)$
M.:(48FH0E0C:AUB#J:$BE[E:@VYJQO15*C:L;]ME*)%K\R3`6+3Y7(EGA
MC!WM4\D*^%R99

:K



GEW^G$HQ#;9A-CV




M$`VIU`%3'*#GV/^:$-N$68%$*BM668G*2JU%DYIMG)FU_$0

M+$1KSHX0I;7(NFZ95:FLVEHG5]^HK%9E==9Z:_4TR\[K?\VQ_S4A4KC8_T(K

%J$;4(&H1=031*$M]K/ELJ?AAS3FVLB;$=F)6-I'*BE56HK)2
MR0H#MJY


M/\]&*BM668G*2F6+=;
SV6(=Z%RVV*VI4%FE;+'#1Z6R:MEBJV]45JNR.MER
MJZ=Y=EZ?K&_3LEO`A/Q;`*(848(H190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48.H1=011$

M6V43(K6+K3*T$D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J$-6(&D0MHHX@&E*I51;.AW]\IW/IQ;8
M*YL0[97=LAJ)5%:LLA*5E5K+K\K@EE5E9JV3%9Y;B\[%[CR%RBHE*URP^U.E






)22=D^(A
=V;OA[+G[1&Q






:?&\?RLLDIK^3<!\VU$=$NO5%9M+?\F`+%O5%:KLCIKO;5Z
MFF7G]<VNL6\V(5*XV#=#*T&4(LH0Y8@*16BE&-J$'4(NH(HB&5.FZSZNN
ML0

];Y55

M;%V99/D?G`[;:2Y:O


%


Q\%=(O$TN#-?Q8OSY
&=^7I=Y%\6
M=U_
\LT?7!U?P7R_\LOZQZ99O_[8/N\O'C??S9IGPP^^OH[?T#S^YK![&;[M





M&)OXXFB'
/[@X)Z#Q

%L_NT0T_(E-=\YS:8'^2OOU\


31Q-IV:#?KOKQH4Q@%IQM57IF33DG4XH'DD[RJSGY)3+


M$R0QZ6&AGP@W)J6LR2!!$I





M)D29$F5&E#E1%D19$F5%E#51-K=*9KE4#X]T2LKPS/;WEU)U67;=8B5[Q%70
MUFVQ$'IC:;

60N%&


&34J=\P:
M]/6HWC=KT*JC^LBL0?N-ZH_EVF/4,3;2P-Q/=M[

M



M9K_9O:65A_MC$A^'IZ?=UG
/VU][[^VLG!R]U\U9M/_TLGL_:6_[;1)W^\WQ




BC4_

M:2/H:!!RDJ=.NEJBG?00]!$

M*U'-C&M*
ATATMR,--=+LE?YLA?WSV+!(:NSR78Z0&70&N'%@5$U(A+\K#DQQ8)
M]'EBD<`L3BT2&/^910+#,K=(H+D+BP3&96F10+BL+!*8Q367YZC2Q:C.%%\



M:&=%X*H(V@@:)H(6@CZ#H(N@AZ

@8N@


WB!'-TN4P1+!L`X!$F@B
ME_J%0).E



MYS+)_H4X5[EY&N?X&$5^!5!D+2Y176/$9:3.2(.1)B
M0Z(#K&TT.L`ZC'09

M'6/6$]]EI!=71]\4L=8Q



-7H
E@DT*Z/18;@VQ.J9+A_YG.4+




MTP2:60+-/(%FD4S3*!9)=LKVOHDI2/B;ZP)-73);HD84.K.DHD;I=-O@^O

!-S4W





N(S4&6DP




MO`+AA_\&!.!5YU[\D%J



M8*X\M\?]YF3^/+[
N_=CLWERB_9O\S1)ROE^LSM




GFX''


M96==3B?;;]VIW?\/0





HKL.E01,#B]7(T_!8+9C'&M060'PDE3348``V,Z66LLMU#X%
MKLSX'!Z[0_/@5T+VUHB!V+)EL

LDOU)#RHKG
MX)R:$%./8:

+G^]V



2@HC3B8.*JL]+Z3@H.
MNP

M[S\8`8CQ],(N00A-B`W#O#BY'(TUQ?$)7OU\H49)EV23:$=.WG]4`3#T`

M1@3


M/`G$L`?`*5I='MSG&:@X+SI1\&L$^:S(H@




Q:S(*8+3LP(ZG![(+:.G
CI-VAI73(%\<(\O%4@:5&R[E@(N+'




P7G5LG42#U!D.<920V<%&AJI$6C&X?AJ1FEVL6`

4O(@HN)(/&@CR.RXKBVIS3#Z8`U-9

MY



M3ID3W8-^J&
RL94+J:+]6[`0I7:YT38C=^`Z$(:$`KV









V
M7

$%``&``@````A
M`




NZXV'17U^$7SB%_\[_$!/T;B

M\?L


GIR8%C@3)XC
M.7I^*%/1*:E`RB3_EB





`8U49@/I9UGV6M.RS

M'`Z_:[1DHICBI5TT8&H*
U.X-X6Y*2Q
86D**U-X
(5'4UB;PL84GDSA^4*H

JX**?]DE6


M]$.X
$'WR@-@












U_BR?TLF8DVI

M)'4;20B




M1T
M*$?VD0JX)I1_$[@-8AB5W0Z08TJ%7L@-JOOE]\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(



M--+


XJ\A[G
M&=@DC4-P]-[/V2[^F`;AZRF#=%L0$0V

LV51)3\^0P/@;R
*



!/
W#ARMW*[WZ


SK


M$:BJ4L9K&2PEL%&!EL9[&2P+P$54ECD$0;]_Y%'*D/S**(:/#9$X:4UZ$P
M$3Z.#$8R&
M@(H.I#&8RF

P0F2/B
M(K)`9(G(I$U(AM$MHCL$-F7224YL(Q7DD-71J-#BXP;M8?($W6$*@-F:I$H
MO!AR(WA[8=2RM&HVAS5&AB6EW*TQ0DJ+&J.R4B5P+`2^/U12:WS:

JFDPOZI

MLG

M[@21Z2-OFG&C\GYF6$_5039'VFY!2E%84O+PD@$O^3D;O`K9G0[^#72W2R

MSD1!\AH
@_

.!\[/

MUZ03_

_&#OJ#X'T[_/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A


W
MA:_QSD@.
7$W6:
P
*QRN6:$KA_IW
&);_&@VZWOD2[UCB&)4FX2D\!-8?S)


MDW]P716%=UH-;+X+'UR
5L`N]G
M$[-T5ZU6:G?UVTV`Y-.XN/Q@*QPW`8^_'PP9NUL8_TD
`;/4);PKINZK49



M

U*I%Y$V!

M+32/CHS8J/*ZPO;B8J.8/@I$]-R3;5$%]&71I4V4`HWT
9L5`RGV3$OJ0A


LO&!APH6KP4\EY14W
MFF'A#0MS+RPL,3ZDHHI!0.*H649D_SLE5BAY[OT\M:PC'M*KUV%956FS/F


M7`FAHELH(13
Y2T07+W88D$+X3(FOB3Y[8H?MD


=./K*^M!TX#0KZR/3
M@1.JK$]



M.XKP=GY

2)**,(\
MIBCY-*N=:<+^\VLVF_V2_I/FV*VR*:--P8N;5-A$S*@B;M4&-1O4;=!@$%U*
MP8\WTV03;J9E@[8-.C;H,C:L3K<8Q-NIF^#@0V&-A@Q
)K)Q7LS9A-N9F*#

M\DJ3N+7Z=[Y_UX

;C!@8S5A)&[
)-S.QP=0&
QO
&1C-
M6$E;L`DWL[3!R@9K&X0A$Z
=*VNAU@DW%((L0M!%:`HCIF::PF-J=O\BX=NR
ML+[^M&W92]7C)=;6=K0#,\76`%2!5(#4@?2`-($T@+2!M(!T@72`](',@`R
M!#(
@8R`3(%
@

#6Q


M)9`5D#60


MB9'!




MZB#J

M5GP)DP@9CO;T.%56R8



LHK@QK




P4ZXVJCG`UH2ZO#


MAG)LH^$'M`

LV\I$?T!YKY'
_H$W1R&EC-/7!?8;T3$O\#I\RG:'-




3

??

NVNA7*D]J7&?+SOP]+


M3UL?_KR^Y;S+U=GN`Z/3


UF3CO6?CN[U^W+


%)^%]?]P:7M/4=@
MG/6C6`*1M?

=Q%NB=\9V_^V'6\'0PIN[LPB][1S




ID39S1(V:`P64B)M
ME@(DPZGO])(T#BM-1)4&AN-!


FI(.-NACTB$V?D`$V&F(PPF!

MFCH1SJD5AH/S=!P.Y]36YH16M8XN'



MK'0B/
'K-*)-&I%EZ52)I)1U`M8#99VXO8]P=;`XR.WS61`8`$EJA-BA52'2





?D('6$8HVU(K0OC[2B:KHF^8)#`A9$K(C)`Y

M9E(8N17A*P)V1!B64FDU(8!C]Z4XN#+:=%(L9H&EFJAA`CR3:SC%71DJZ52
MV=)]HJ(H:J3RU4RE:E'W;8HZJ7QU4ZEZU'V?HD$J7\-4JE$JU9@F,:%H2M&,
MHCE%XJ6(;I=.:M4JG4JU2:5AYR\?Z`A[=?E;3:3/!#J-),MU=:_GX6FI#




_CR0BVF%0:'.PVO
M
T7(S;<8W14#KNAB6_<L?`
.%8)=9O!-F[JR*ZRN




MUK=/LD&/7!NAV@PG48P1;YDJ1%ME^

/W.#;S?OWZU/

C`
ME1UI7F;X+EGE4TPV:U^?GX*?S
4_



H]F

M_[B9Q
F:/$+%V`MF&S`P]IA7B-T8







;X`OF#P[8U@'%.QC0O(
MSMY_?Y9`K=%HB=DX.2_Q9'6KNZ6U1B-F-//YS[]?7W;^FLP7T]G;0:&\6RKL





M7




6$.B`'JX0%%D!_?:F6JI^+?V'-,K8^?LTREF7





K



8(T28MV]`GEWB3E!-_#`+BA'D2

&A0D39DR8
F'.A$E+F+2$24N4
MM(:Y;&?.;YPSF?



M1\Y)IZ(V!3HFY
0+B$]&R?3AW)P@_C<



^[LFOF8EP2
M
!2)6(7YDEHA8C7@Z$A:)L$K$RL0/GRIC0^%6
M*'[AK!2Q4O$CI^K8
/Y6+'YD5HNP7
3JQ4^62F1#-ZQB_&0L&;&:\2(GJ4KB


@\&M@S9%/2;D9)L\I_EYSBAJQR%^]4&GN\Y).]USB-\L


MI1+.SZ5*WI0KU;6R)ZF*\WJ?*MLUM#H.)H9`[&+EO$GMPN*65-TNE]7RO^2R


?Y


K4EUOJHA5+BKS






73'49^B:H8%Z1`.
M&;IAZ):A.X;N&7I@!=*(A(72L8BA.-$9+\(Y7AWA?TBI./]%?:+T(YW6-C/



JL2&(F]
EP
MP9LM6J:;4TQBPEHEHU1&R*:,R5B0^510U)O8DL5-T#-3;-BC5DJL,22=&I-
M;)OD%IUZ$WNA(CARF!5FS%*!)99C8`8M9L[

MQ
YS;M&I-K'-F_%!%67%#-A%C[*BEBXLV#.P;!''&7%+-B)`,MJ6TH@37R1
M0Z(=*8.L2(Y.&0,




%3_8CE'!;L3HI9T%
\U8]8$K2)
MCS5.#;
3(M*F!0LV1$0L1[!@LU?
@@JP(2)B.48;[(M@X8Z.M*0+C8VL?_-
M7A-[`AB_:S2CJH5HHYHUDL76)@[T@#Y@;P`;+AK-Z.AKE&U0JS]6(*KO68_
M%O^ZT8SJ%#*-JA12Q!X2KO.LT8SJ$#*




MI!HH1

ML?4#/WW/1'4M]/CB$
Q?YN[4<)AN622W`
M5LIG15WL%`3&!K%VL@7X*]9V8N^^!.G?\CP7_N&8PFIW(2`5%]^]VR+Q8$)!
MIF5VE9(G`W``_FJAKS(#)L1]R\:SOTN/0]U\;+%.NP=L;2N2U/&5HJYY+TDJ


MG
&





QNNUICDP:293Y6

WPPY_RFZ'-7QL<3ABH'QJN&UQ

=&`PRTVN_35_!F;'%H1RK=-#NT&
MQ1V30TM!\;G)H6V@^-+DT!I0?&UR./XI#K?MIR9\S#BTLI1O
P[M*L4=QJ$E


:-#WZ4:('80PZTLS
USN_I^4LJ3UG3

`4$L#!!0`!@`(


V^_+5LM




=.`C4$SJ






B+$)V1
R(20*2$S0@)YH0L`D)61*R4DEND.'F)C?([-+C7+$G



M0R\70H2]#
MX+T4S@_=*B
`[5WE08;G*
R\O3)U6%W;Q@1-E
2&D34B'DXA
M'B?78IGJ903J





M&.=&7S13DZD]90\RD9*681GO41EO7XAPH


ME+(?RH:R$XZMV8^DNU]M)?)&5,TH6A*T8RB`)$Q.7.N,B=G(578^[4_5(V

MHRA`9$S.G*O

M8C_0





M1?S!@L$IT'L6#$T!'U@P
`7
M3-6BL_?@[&RGB68%=@'@2-'9X0$/CA1E!6ZMX4A:%34Q^/#*\=OZ)?+7QY?M
M(:GLHF=8


^%*R1XQ/\TY

O/
M

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````G%9-;]LX$+T7Z'\P=&_D)&U1!+(*66)L



J74
?2_8[:JR$`9.Z2_*0C6Z69L1








_^KB6%C=]#70

M7D/[E0^-@GZXXK&1VY

GO2I_W2FI*Q_Z7S'F@@8^M9[NNC1#;2*%32E?O^X
MX
VAZZJJ)0DWHGZ0J][F_QOM1V'9_8;\R\\7X^LQ_`$&:YY[_/?X?P```/__
M`P!02P

MGMXYP8NJQ


M_@$A_5)9K?XC]@L``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`-P
4B8R`0``0`(``!$`


DG^!1M[8F19:3!*QLE;:;FCRM%ND5
M23`(JT336JC)'I#


A?T)?E_6,_
M:JKM85<2#_LIQ$8EG&5:PWJ9L]W;[Y)$+<5_9U52O9V3'H0`502WV-'NU/R

M__\#`%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!S)'QL`0(``*X7```3````````````````

/U
M````3`(```L`````````````````.@0``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`LP7-0#`@``








M````$`%OIX=C
$``O#@``&`````````````````1


L)G$P`P``Y@H``!D`



`
M`-D+```9`````````````````


`````````````````

O7W)E;'



``!@1





KC

M`````````````````





O



``!@`


M`!0`!@`(````(0`FX.W_









34N



N```9````````


Q+F)I;E!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````
5````J0```!``````````````````
MRU,!`'AL+V-A;&-#:&%I;BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`W`Q2)C(!``!`

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 authorized shares
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000


Issued of common stock to several accredited investors for cash
 Shares
1
750
000
2
050
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Issued of common stock to several accredited investors for cash
 Amount
$ 17
500
$ 20
500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(11
850
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
520
879
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



        



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
June 30
 2012
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
039
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
660
440
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



        



    
Nine Months Ended Sept. 30


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(37
543
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
707
299
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001477932-15-003665-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`!)[PD8J4!D?U;T``(7;#P`6`!P`;F]S=&%L9VEA+3(P
30Q
M
C


_2R^#7^Z]TL</!QC_C-^?6=X\9N1P)+?
M[U$WZ[\Z('DCR]_EE^F?FKF_O1*_M0
?[KBF=]Y?'EQ[SS^#%_`[Z?S\\GT





MFX_=!9CWX`+
QZZ3YCWHI-G8==*L!YTT&[M.FO6@DV9CUTFS'G32;.PZ::92




M-_K@Y^EQ\7




MUO0-ZZ3XH70-R'6HXSH0&VG&1@.[%
0/^O+#$*X&\8.^_#T_*%^X9I\]5[









T[]9H=H)_=P)







M%Q\LX[[V
[%O@6O``5Q\];P<&J#XG)AF@X&W[P_[-L78VZ/WG#Z;%7:_E<)FWY+W






KP?DQVI]
YU=


MUFM7;54T7;ON4@6MUZ[:..BR=CD8@N
@/+WI@_C?.8!)`Y
P!.OG-&;V34+:



_.5E
M+59+&KZ7XY&Y[HIA$N+/95TG[IP20U'



8Z-*UJL
Z+U\M-`@:FJ8%(-B9+EYV

ZY`406H.B^N7E_$
VM&A
M;C8UPOTJ5E9&3!O!5D5


M5B/L&9'-J1%#C4A)UPC(TK



MO=/8U.

F:9BO7





M?J5NW6L$40H9OGKT5QTS?+


V;CA


M'Q@8#T5VC?.



M-46#FP]
;V.4F\-6.-1JG]Q[PPY
M

#R\A=/T*4WMC%9P]Y?5Y_.D_+?^7+?/\


7BF2=^QSS33TXF4E5K
?$[


OW%6W$+E`BH*`E^@&^D7)#P8CQQVT]ZMC25*R$K


M@#
%(=S^I_






ASL&`.T%RP$K`PD3&:\50
M$$QX36`WX!-4X+`Z[DK(Q)/I/[!O(%


M

M%8
76-&83UV^MCAXS



M
6:_'IH$(Y'^[EZ:-(H]@U($GIH^;9(H8=&&BKTAEBI)Q3F=Y5Z0[5A08!^
ME#=CWPM1#PL2^N2D$%@0?8]H9-R?O*N=#B.5!SEX

S^

19JG_Y1;Z



0_=YMR%;7;=D
MVJRW=ZB!Z=N3L.OPCU!:H25!GH&X6-U#6:P-7Z=X*09DW@W?EW8O.FL`/
M\.\$&1TT@;?U[\3XG36!-_+OTGWK736!U_'O@B;=/IO`1Z_.DCH@UV-*.3P*
M6[TK/;I\_31ZEWF
E^$GD+.ON<U=!HOZ_G)

M_R







6.(]6B5.Q(Q8Y'XHUV!-FN
M6-!0S;KF!EP#&[@.&1DX&O0Z+$QD;D#

^3Z3^P



3J%(
7Y%IB/G7YVN+@XP(KPD;C6.+SL]!W1VX$B9*
#[\&H1)!

MUAM^VB/Z+X]]B216ZEKA$L$?'V`EV.WYE/V8^
5OSL5K-I_/SZ?7TZO+V4]I


MO


M*@/LD?O
$=P/_;?`PS?2?I7_N<LXV0.#AS&RA2<1(C`P7.GV
MX\D-C/


MQ3')'A2!R%-=Q,OQIUIH?HRD5L,/$.\0].+9P78HG&RFQ_;SX2Z?L?O?-(]
MZ359P9J(\@+I.?.52/L;#R2%0XZDH+2L'@)WAVN8.A87L((XF]A5.4[O=`7


M0TX/:(PR
&D?P?/=79#I-
5AXID45Z%'_AT4

_&.W##UV\4;0



0
QEEHUHP_5VH4


?@?RRA$]-GN:1@
.FV
MQ#*JK\9W3L'_?0V@#N8;WPUI%7'ESL*#_#-YG`;RP\^PL@8BJ4=3&D#'#7Z



MGLAN

ZGD_/9I71D$[]$[;!T
$J1#[B399^N1!A*1]!1OSGYQSS^?;X#C707$F!LJ4
M


M([(Z.M%
$NK'?LQ.DO\1FF0N%$.58D6IRMX]2B/I8UAC@028@9G(437'-P

M4EQQ@*.D2[

'[AP




W+V+Q\*^37_]Y\?I+

-2D)C)=SQ4Q:
I
5

T60
53(*P\.TH!$8\RAF@@O%

8F&-0O$X7B*SDF1C
7UL]I-M.-_-#91O_3ABHDX
M$ASJS\%#2DYD+\_8;Y.1G/AL8\TK^MGD8D.+*PC?:ZDD4W4EPEQ./PND*

'WDR
M.


-^#S8TLW]



MBP[AP%*D#N^.(SYGNH;#K8ALF4K.6E!!.YC8@/EY#U3PNABR860I1+R#PA

M%#D2%;U'!)ND[7YF89.JNJ28J@ZI




B?NL([B#&^4=!6S

MC(!+Z@

#7@!H**(H`#8B%M62CKT55`
21]HJYA&&1T60^*(3SB[1:&05#0
M`HJ!=0?#$-GLIE`
K!&@:1/6^G+9I?*`2.8:K((+]3`AC!:H-%9$\[FH%%





6'9^V-[*@N'OJ5[6L4H



]


MMK&3EP*+VD]SD\]Q&4UOB$]^Q8.[\+A`WD`4VHP4N)@T(&&-;/JI*
3AS6


M-0+OT?2\T/WX$7^;B'W?I]J4Y;&HL=U:PN26[=N%




;Y-(WKDQ-
M24W[XU=0&$N

MCSP
(F
:/$%#`F5])?3-
NILX@$AP;/Q5/+)BM)'!$YQ9,7#\OP1`W*!XE
MG6








M?QVCM+*F*VD

M.\1*8H==$B6@PQ)RY5%862Y(RCH%1&'/P`+-IMWY1&%F,PA/(P=80SF
M)V@8H61I1`8I9K-0V'43^`TTE1I[+5BM$/]%G%P-ZL$53L%%++
AJH`I*




6+.?

M1



MM=BQQCMA)6C*@E2U




O9+[0$BL#QD4%D5`B$1$VG+1)%2!!K
M!
W%`$VTD]KN9%8=Y`!'L:Y`HX@-M&6#&RM`0*X&LV*]`5D)BJK!K%B'0%;$








M&MH]%
IB\

IPW10B4
JBMDH42M8'`J6T'D4H
ME*P7!
H@CM$H8PFTATY3'KL2

;2);A7B.@N!&&)G'O-LCWUG1CX=TML#N
M9&IQ.V7\6`.[







YB=H&`JZD:5@&Z6:S8-N



M%;!QM`-[.Y`#SQ:N/^\7HHV5P;-)_Z0/B#96#
\FB.@)HHU5P+-%\;9JB#96


MPLIAF`0IZJ&86`D

MSXJAWT(F#GT@L
#

S#RR_Q\
M
H7_A

4&@PX3!
7P86PHZ+#4








X6Z)U





MW*11%B2/FVE+YOQRT.J#;W`'E!J@\.'/+#82I3:9D?S15U)12D8&%50M4&
M):(UX&I9*53M



WGX2VB^A

A(62]4%Z.Y;JAKHJK6[ZH54#G$)1`7T;:)?10'\

W=
MAQ%=;).+'\4.PHX2E!R*'\4ZP(Z2)_:M\:-8%]A1)RE`D:;90P0@S9)J/*_$
MYI`*I@M\CI-?[YH(%W$6)HURD63E)I`6KV<1;CUW4!:L$/A+&2

MSD)&P8=6K!.XPDL[2&M



M.TF^3D9SY:UEP8&.VO8R5MI:)H^/B]K+JE)E10UE!6
6-)
)&CIO*&/-F\ED
M*C;34*8+#P\=!WZ3FJ'H$A!=EJEW4:]WM89
W*AJ6JAUM4:4.S)47:_!ZERM

M09=R`
EB%


==(N3UPQ&JZHV=C/<IKZHPS0'E!%E/JI

\_\D.[?5G!_?YAV'8X;W^K'V?ORB
M@UY_=EB??X8WVO?ZL\/Z_`4=W?3ZL[C/GS3V:#1V.2(!4X9&(`M.:B$2
)5H



M$$:Z-`2/$4178/C0?FJ[G_NMXF5H0QF0G1Z0AJ1;6(4VQ)0C#4DVKT8;8LJ0


Y7F$9+.ZI]O;CXG7=73



A_E2]#T
M!Y8I3N6=

M//*X*&Z5H

V.!:Q)

2%GG1

+IZ1XUE)4AAI[DUD0
7(1^1ZP;WW9;CFZ93EU[


M$+(J_$%!A'H

EC+3'R

92]

Z1$EDCE$2Y&$J0$EE]

M4QO!45C

M**/[(CR_G`[(@G1]


M[VJKNQIVO$?'-1ITO?W9J.=T&:2GCO=LQWM&`
HXO_



+(M)7P`_5#!^L1_(*^-Z;X4/V2%P!WWLS
A\\=<)3)[RR3OB+Q*$;=<)3

MP8EID]XKW/+R%G+6JGT\X



MX@[KV



'C$+XP55GEZ(K_QR&.D&3.Z
M#T+2)9HR$A#*:Q:#JI/

M

6
1$/LQ;^C(

I[5A(LG(=16-=
HJ2_GJ@GJPC

CS


M.(\\-%$Q#9Z@(7'7(/P3WKB

MXB.4
^;M$%0F

^_4`W$GHR!4
MGN4&A^=&






M



MBR8R;9XC*YK()*DI**@@(("@HH**@@((@HH**@@(*4PL*

U9?'+9I\[P@01Y.Y[_EH$AA_YT%X4(D=RJ*Q&J%\$:
M'%:LTTVX$$C_(<4Z!X<+87%+^V*=P\,%24,WQ3KMPH5P%4I#AEBJPI@[3Y0.
M!JB



I
0
M6RV\2T%!AY!;+;U+04;WD%O-O
N`/]HU_A1P?C-O


M.O\WR\V]0


M#V:=\


MSK10C9G(^8;GX`^P_`F/9E?5UJ)2O72BCX[A**R6ODGJ&&`OS[%6@ZH;@EH:

M&F(NH13Z\A=R92[M*\B:W.YD;A`QT^LGL2,Q.S8Q6R@P@ORQ,D3IW#^6%SB
M,5_V2TJ$E`@I$0V4R#&4LY$2(252D0?3V2(6DG*&E#6X+2R!G1^1[;Z^&TU

P9!N;D6+R=G#!<MQ&^]!(+%WZ+'6;[3R%?
M/PG4UD\W#6-U!H(!HP&4F)S8-H0;G49OV+-#8'3G.#D-V\_)#DY!(1%?87`
MWA[*E^3+9,.TF)IHJ4:&W!\!R/!CEI2`V!%#N@%D;=0C5OWP
\WCLV?I6!(







Y?CE\&!^A/?9IDJ*T)BE086HYP-%60-)D8L%J$@0AM&C(+Y

YHVB=


'3&:2!V%5A1:
M'5JE

M\


:B<N!)SQ[TN\PRF0#:0:92J8FV5N3#^MS(!F


%0G3`9W-`9W#*F9MTF%\P64R%LQ
M/O[K5!IICL\:ON/+P!A.R1CJ8`Q+I.Q`@1RHB2:YXR7R(N-VU3+#:LB+I*2!
MS



'D



+K&^$IWAA;C4CR

M&_B
?S6^G^CM&%FQQ$84W
?P+AWL_X#5-[X;LH
#5^L
&5WPN

M=1Y-V:P!4B1_B

M5)EHT(HZNEXNDAU=4B;95WPL[M

^I5!CK?B:XQT\@2Y)
MC([DK
PU?

68(EU#XR0[$P+2QOY
M









51%'=D45Q1=G:L4=RL5A1WO6@3Q




M@[-4GO



M4MPTJBO*[NSYVMB8UO/K.EP*C]_%W(AOOHO8M._:I6-`D*?(CE0F1784V5%D


M3';$RHYB





M3)_G8W21T0F?CQU9DHDB(XJ


MP*NW2%U\?3@*L/4V21MU**\'[D






!OI)UL4<'N8G=JY(K8@3EPOVFV.?KX<1Y%!#(2X3D+9LS=
MG<P9F/;2VJTXB);W()AU:SPC3V*VY-)CG1F9!%F6X)BFJ7ANB(1(<@)11V8


M6T17$ETUCNBR55C-(CJV'\UE4D/J(SI6%LUEJ
FM1!XF7$K?
]0%JAJ%2Q0N



0/I65M:I.




MA)(

LCJ`(*?@BP*LHY![U*0-=8]HR!+SWVA(&LT&T9!


;J``6
8BR*L8Y![5*
-=8]HQA+SWVA&&LT&T8Q

'



KH44:NT9)5=R6F

P2DM%CM@#U10W&#72I
N9EM1A7FA65S
OJ
*XD0Q7SL@:
*RBIR;P:
MNR[=25'F5O4.NG1)BDB*LE+4';]FKN0C?B5^U9I?
_JU@P:=_J!!R#\G_[PS

M\T^%\[7`I22/A3R6+KAW&

M7X$_O-^


)E8%:X&CB[5;L3NL<WXT5Z&8A)6U8;T^:H[P

016RGN.?
WHF:8R!3C.=)+1`_SYR=#R)MK\(U






M$(Q4!*D(4A%CN'R6G`C2$*0A--40`W:E4KD9*04]E4)I@B*'K%1R(NRD5I^@


M'4H1




KL7DUH&BRM:])UP

^@-2QLQ
MXQMK']8QNEL)F%$0`6^Z.A.SQZ=33TI(`F`;^&L3?29V0KSL@H$Z07R'[1:T



MMBDX.:DJI$2^A5=?EM+W)7X^CX+PED.7QRA.$M0(Q$;::QFWQ.Y=B+L4NEZQ
M[R-&^G=
.QCU%8?Y2[PD6';6\O045ZE$M][Z!8@[;`6S[%E;GHM47K%]PH
M'=\V+X8.KBSW@D@*?
A5H.'PZ?B*U(`^Z61XP?V6XD-+IFX@
A
13N!#H5+9
M(TBND`W\Y.XLZ5T;EN?$L%7&:B66%UW36*U+_Q2ID-=)G@6S.`M\0:%^=Y&/


MS((@(C(-@D&RX%E2Y8M(R.6Q/1WCZ/NEPP?[G+BFOG@@FP#)VSAQ#?.E:7

*4`RAI
MJ\ICGER?L=@0-




N/C#+ZR^
M(4S:.8NO.[C`.]C%ZWF.\?97)?2W(SK*PW6^!QG\9J=SSJ]C1RI328<T-?V





@
MB&J(F\L/:L.2`N6'M:S906V4@U!S6
N:'=0&!XH=']:6EHKD'-2&(M?=86UN
*ZP$KT
M7V#'$L5U@=#T76#',L5U`6<,667JC20$$DGZ1@?FZVB(CLJLJ
B.RJRHR*[
M41;9#71Y&B6V*;%-B6U*;(_/?S\.KYT2VY38IL0VJ1U*;%-BFQ+;E-BFQ#8E
MMBFQ38EM2FQ38IL2VY38'G]B.U.Q/8J[OBFQ38EM2FQ38ILR3)38IL0V);8I



Z?;2:





4QX
CC`40RK.(8)
N'JCV)8\3%
MI/^4'\7DIV\2CF

.*


M#GEPU


M/*`37&DDA'.3.MQOE@&5-2^4!:4L*&5!*0M*65#*@E(6M%75^-`TE&=BTZ'T

+XKJXO.B3*RTSOT4GY=D8@49_12?EV=BP_2SXN+SDDQL



0KN1M$DAOX


^V`'N0J^J;0/@H0#
M3Q;:[.0[ON88/;_%6/JML35]86(L

M&/O77^A=\G

M!L[B\B*


3671RV?*!+W\/
M5N-=+.G/8P&=];CS

M
C['(!EI[%:2#)(

R^A*
9(:HD*^S
MD6G7O
UJ\;4
2Y7Q=I


,CZ.V9[D5QB]PHKJKPYK*Z\$;K*(XE
MF]L$S1JL9N?Y'VW`N&Y;?A
6<GFV#2]!RL1UNX*S@N_BGV2_F.+YM?YF?7$\EVWH
1



M

MW1'

N

MA;YD@;Q\\O*5:/-Q5`!II




JMIX=D#W.#Z&P^G=`
MDIR?6].GLP


\\7CYOP[[?.X'$+;EKLSO#




M`(O

N19BQ6@DV!`99
M[^P5*A'7V=U+Q%-T`0Q;&IK$#[EH%4#3N`++PCP._OT!W'%*.8E%%T4EH;*
M[HY;)F@O801






[#WSO83P;;%\Z*/XN!#

&/#ETMEGX/?ZF(

`PVGF58



;D5Y-!^T7_@Z)!Z)0@:7(.Q

MTD&)')



MPY/I/P`_1LH]
23LJ2T]0@/?95G.D^I*[%`DSA?%O7'B0U

MN_\KU7*[OEA/'5_9AHILUQ=3UO&5/!

;OH&V!+!-4:$`O*.)(?:`


CJEG&O0\(Z!_5+-^]%^0
BFJ6S9Y5NOBZ&(BT

B=IK6/75=6XK9*:]6#ZUJ:VB[*`REQ75F5VRI/FE2Z










7RQC/V()G^MW<P+Z
MW?KA\NS59`(;;$6UD!@Z`Q4F\HR+O(KV#MZ.CHF
$.0T)+FX^+K&S!WEJ04
MA_GAZFQR/4\FE]8\-H2F%SISXMG`:(+_;SQ'12_(W_%BSX]_PY2X\7&+^4V


\Z

K4#/@YH
M0.6[]X4L2R^,G*=D)L_@+?;L^GL1WY87XY.9O`GA0FLVL)^\&:89;0#-VD

HEV[!.-$T*:ZVS@FS\UF]PUKK



30


@U-*JH!4`:DS53!`'/


^!O+?*FSPS$#)QLVD3Z)'Z]$PK;`9


XP1V.(Z!\?DWLWZ/X
U*R9$*?B0%:FAA0'LZPB






&;&'A:PS8D6V7+VLR1&/KW7R(QO:Y
MQ1!-+7#3(5K8V.9#-+:B+89H:B=;#-'4$C8=HJ:M2P8WS8=HI30;#=!*338:





MU`





M-+2A69HTW-!.4M
-JQ`2S;4W]JJ[6HP
B%O5


RH#F%(QU
5';)

M[H6HC^+JW(.

9ZSE-

M_=B#;_4-J*]T*(/O]0VF?W0H@V_U#:0V(O82V?=K[G&_8*+XQ7:R`3(QU.


UG;]^@S?

MB\32U4(56[Q



GS1IGKBX7R1.#[!!M2.C@M*#.
M,#6R7MD0[K+CF3;.?75/0M.,UGSV*IFJ5+#?;510S9DVRC'-IM-9]S,]]+D

?+1=+![WZU6YWJ

C9
%UZIWH@8)ERIVHBJL3]-PI7HG

G
TF=\T.-2+G-`DS

B$-_LZ(.3H


2TJ:1M_9



M5


HT(+3_'THC0\K
NC0@M


U__L=T
M_LO2
LP-








C++GK@UA*IENM!.6P!$`/L)8)

%L05^B0K:`;

M_4%8





M&.#.

U3GLC..^9O_Q



^J:-Z
M6=NYMG[=I:Z4S8BP03405CG%Z7%FN)RM=APC]17?8
K[R?3C9)OMR$


EC#CR.#FR(XM!U5T=*'3.FUOWI1
M0]QV+-Q6(X]DT4$5'5310=6Q$T8'55T?5*D[7LJ[.BO=)1BIWRY//&J?=
A6

M2H
M]G()RHJ(^\DL])8CZ@:`LYG:)$Y2M?(WO*M'T2!-5)'9:D:4HZ4!ZJ1%$@Q
M'6#=-D62@91

M2T8M]+3@IYAVL];:%=E.E0I_00J2M*#U%Z:)3;0NDA2@]12D'SE`+MY?'L
M):6'*.U`Z2':)TH/47J(TD





M@U\B=LA+*@^I.W[=V/R(62E
:AM`C5;6_^^P


!


MN2%78
02L7?VGRL4L[-)/T(QFS06BJ?ZM24=%WNU#G4DPZ&K@OG\R9-A\A


M(Z4:R:L9SPJ



!1D@B-R=


M'NS)3HUM?8=*?@S
P[
M^[MI6::Q89\OV*_+=]S=F+Y_Q@SXE6`FC#/\YS.


(8#TA8




7'?UV5XM(O82S
MH1%/G_?U9\F3;3_HA^?)1^[M2'[?9P:@LQWH?G^R\[F;#XY:R[!6MML;5!B
M$I:XOD.@E42V(ULE)&F!E5=NW5-$5
7KZJU[1$ZQE1^-=1_.@@_
WB/JLSE=




H%K

'^SM&^@GW+6\G_<9ZPIRRF(=@`
MF+$#S(GK&DBB+50Y6H<5OP/G.V4`%DK\KAP#O*KU`K:CA][VW=\:<`L0DU@



CQJX.('&+TNVC'

75].%Q@C<%_ZB:[6
RK$'7[7&OI'_4[QJ%1WB7R#35TROE^
MU%\86BLU=/V\HYFZF)]=SB9GUR]?Z6;B2?I)^G

!1
M.









MQ/,&&5E!0O=HYTTRLH($!4CG#3*R


-9J:
GO8)&Y?V:,N\DAQ/KA%FE=1ICA3#D^98LH44Z:8,L7D
MO.B8#J1,L3;4Z,8:EFF3#$EY31*RE&FF)A2.Z:D3#%EBBEQ-[B:UVN+]:*&

M32Y!:4[B1=L;N.V23
\GB_Z79';XDLRO)RJ6)






M

F#5BHZ\CS4-[J-L`\G.D&
M=Q)HG_IQ&T9\55(/@?ZH(O-7^Y&YJAT

MO^TVW#5\QV7G
#@X%B+-O9*N!;

ML^O+GKH?LH/_5#CLX$%WSP':.-\Q#HWRCMO.QK3KZI1S]L11A.`;`^9@W.--

M

-G12&


M&_=2HD%QHN'ZP$3#R[/+1=.S.$HTT#M&$VI0HJ'+1









**SFG/G+A\


$%`````@`$GO
M1IV]_[_Z```D$\``!H`'`!N;W-T86QG:6$M
C`Q-#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%54



2EY_?I75U?=^&[:--/R]9'XZ3
N

M\F

MPTQ'5C%RRB86O21HSAP^$41A]-_V!UL0/XL(B#9/=

&RQL?OU17?:9G#4BW
MN4S

JB



C?ZF?`SZ@:'?K

6\0\:H^\MBU3\K'<`HW;.I$8SN]0M;(K<*IDI#VQWXQM0



M=0=N-.

M`SDE^-FCOC#:S$)$$2:C






A-5
M#.;5E-!8
?6NJ5H?+4`]'




LTP5DWJ4;KQ3+2%9%!X-'V?P38:W9


ZQPR)TCETG5QP-5
MX]P$#L%SG#(9O
`)$R&GK?P5'
0N)H9:97
M^:LZ;9*K^%X21R\STRI<^2EFF*0`]L'^RQF]\C]02P,$%`````@`$GO1J];
M+K!9@``%VL``!H`'`!N;W-T86QG:6$M,C`Q-#$R,S%?9&5F+GAM;%540`#
M\P)N5?

W99!(-P!G-WT0R;&.H?OTSDZ
M.CJ2

MX8&#Q-19:($=N-:E(\+/O_?`7;?SV3YXGA+



MP_8*SEHS^=:-U@*;C8_;RR\WFWHYJC=`AUX_C)F


MMHEA%W



)G2(

QA@^`
]5GQ]@$`IV


$7[1400%

M]%
$/.)J@G87UE)%%(51Y

M#?'\'&&

V(!-IJ;R%+]U$YV!
MOZ2NFB-&2+B:NKQH2$D&8R_LQ-MB3?A1648E%56LQ^5H5)3RT1-'FG#CM

`.'Z3/(?S<0EX;*BU6,%OE\.82Q0
M/:X`14I9:N96GT23L'CW9VRI4XBYD\]@*/SD<C\I'!#9\C&+C072&GE]S

!2U]8%3\5A.)@NT_AL#1%@'+5FSU6M4)>.-,L:JJ=B:
MH1,J-[IR,]1L==@$#:%]0(;8



-CN8
M`&E)!-_/6MU.S^P^B$[EDKPHL

JS)^)KV6*O
M:L/


-;U[==NQZTJ.
7K?=]NZX&9N4R+XS(7.-
MT:PMZ)Y7:RB^(H#\9\<4VPWW7]+9+F3O;-#XKEZ<WA`M.-/(@]Y,:7)W3X
M%'^3N_X1$-]_@PFSX!GQ:!^-N/3#W:VX)?]6S9A%@V?'XT;MJ,-(QPTA_1D


MZ]H.$;_EP#`XW69@J@/B'J-ODF99-^IPDQ%Q'GVHF


LMXL(//:!H
X


57.A@2J5DVTP+2AZ6.


.Q2

COVN8Y7OC7TK:C&QL:!F
[
MRW*HO5@WBL-OJ.JQP
X



M22JUY1IQ0&HVPQGNS%6[J]?`//@//D)*!SJVYLD]W-@\&9!M!H-'[\^6$3


?EG_G
7Z)N3

MIU3_-
)KTN$^_:%W](?.OZ


MKFDV88?TPS'Y6P





MSJ+4T!OS*;$X&$ZI




M7!G5M)_3

$P%





J1PAC.\C9
LB-9Y:K)X
M^240M[R&E8)N+66YLH#8(P4H)-'7*:HTBGQR5%ARR;&YBLRCJ[C1!P!:4G9
MY0X78I,R#1%`3.'A$D0^F@J9=T18KJ[#8/E=1A[[0]0,8N&3CPFE2H0`B





M\-&)-B4\IG
!@S977GHG:%O^E=4
\QJ81BHY^1Q


M(5##P^EX08?CB'+\`$
0'JHV


E[5
MVJJW&)(I.&*DQK)(+`V1=68+I'O&25U%\NXUV4I5/OT;L-

%@Y_

MK:BB)G@
.HHNJ]Z)&R*K@-?5`L
[;:BRRGBO_%P4[/Q




M3`&YSBV!*!A:R?%UJA4P:;0_.`/MB
P
W^-HA\5EB\NO[0;!FJ:H:[\.S$
M:`'JE@O.OX;1W9

02MAUA@B%P5!&A;#-H4J^2IX!


E$T3Q3&TU2V&B`U:E`C:*JE8:1G`[

M4SQ[

02MM?I@LA=Y?I'5$P

M*\J_UXB

M]%JL78^CAQJS2=VG-;C.Z


E*Z?*BC_W`5-PW5A_\EM4F)4\NR63Y



6
/(

;^#-%%S
+U6/7@A2].1A3A2JPMNT$NIU&']1I5_)51R5




M%





3TWA5G0FB


3IHIHW\(%V&<;I+\I5X&;DD0VAE#@9CJS)(
M]&[,P=#OWBSK2/HI/14!RBWZE0E!89=0FA<E\<VVINUIJ`L'$91ALG#R51\
M:4G9)0L78I
I#1%`-.'A4G$DUWGQ[#1V]^TB+M;$7E@==A'MTIFIVLU+TV]
M



)I.L#I

+_Z;5

O/W2U?9ZA+(

R:$&3:[)<68PF-S<%4TO#O*B(5<Q6X/A



(D-G^8FR*3U0MB.._78I


M:U[JK:T.AJGFF#M;*H-/?;(
F:/+/Q!`A]J^SDI%3HF\RPO&I




1BD:&_1Z7DNI9;+35
-+Z50`4
L/9R=
MBV0++?2*7NWVFI8A0DP=!N5F.

MT&Y*





@7YML88%3)RVG?V6[EQ(N\?%4C!NEU'B:Q-A
5D\O1[I
M4R

AG-W\T3@AX1CGFFPTG57Q1C)K@*81)?XS@M7;*VS

TM`6(TD]J@&C`+6^ESR\%




MSEFBBU!%$AK28O(PW





5])I$T5U?
B1ZC0MC1@V=1A+LX


M


M$X$?BSBK=_!+45`+Z$97H,N]3)4VG\/W!@?
)]'VF`$^2EN0I*/'N5*#@N





!GW5$
MV3A[
O$72`?1TQVUF-!;W?E412?[X/O2]IGITN$HA#$:5%VYR-;4)U

$


=


R'1)'5'J9$A.

JLJU5T!_&O=O2S#N!O
M56AH9M.%5
IOX5.KF'DE^)?LZ\`SAH0@\&X.
X9ZB'HP?N-!5!7,8ID))#M
M[,#C2$84B7X.,H-FWSFT8N3W

MV

4N
A==\3$V.=I
M`/V8=9@=XIP9'6--M?U?VJ^1=F%L]Y&)L1;$QTZ.=Y^=F6`4N?FXV\BKLW;
M,*VLPG@^O8M\I





&%MA!4BJXY-RXS*.KGQ[48U!H0E0]V^TTWVEJITWHT)D_/*QW;
M_XIL(C0!?FL@$C]JAT2=`M2MR%^0[W\*\$
P17:(`^0FYZ)$M#)S28#PO-4.
M'I`JU&'T&?LQ52-YNO)\1$(1-J6F0$Q^TA03CN@*/=C4DB?H#I



Z@4I
MME
5@)?2:]YN.)+L?Q;;%8W
G?6?
FCX=A^8JG3

L`N@-N^S]/:
L@?R_+ZM:54'81




M


^K3_PH\EZJV

=D


^

M'`AF;YMYD%30)GWI4Y22BV9Y26RH
3W6S58]EM:BE#MH_6@\&M/]=QQ&R:PY
MPQ/DX



Z4!TZ:J!ZW$Q2O2TU7X)8QCZ+E*HC3\T1!8NH
M-Y20
HXR`
/Z4QWJ:@%V&47J
1C@*](^]MCJPV+[W+-)*DYKP+.+]7L)K@C[



`-H6&4&#:BW?M


'?)8$O.0]@)4NDI\0.W9/-*/7OCDT?+7JLKWDT*]TCP/@H=NQEYFN=KN

MNIG7!#FT7_\IO?3T+


MF6G5&7'.1
^*)MH=75^/LFIZ+^8I[U*6[I(RAJ7L4**+XS4X:3WI9UE;1_%X
MY84A)HD
U79V7K:SX6=K

0



MF75FUN3:N!Q-)J
OU!BGG8DU
&=6SQB;D]G7%ZN4CUELWQ!!@X[8_7RL0:
MT
V:LOAD$D+)$L(Y!E3*%^F:X_[















@9IF2/RHVT$;!\@VVD4-V
5Y0Q)++;TBV/^KRAELVV7A+0


1V*M6:]SC)HVJ%RJY;'O9A@L9LN

6%:Y*]_(AKUT_1NX`)$_+U-W2*G


M#(




]`*'6A_KTOP*?OZJM
M8F`XRA4CL



M-E?#O\0=@?HN_B@G$:UGM4/14G@*H=V3%##++%U.KWZBXHQ;(`HH*V5#^*



URM(2+FBJ5X
M-T-D3:MZ&ML+(GE%2&U2L]^POVYIM_23_P%02P,$%`````@`$GO1E-*H`/^


7_TC=&[&


M;YWV)^ML-6

M?ZJQCQ&U-\R__?`_T
N5@;[
=?PQO)]^4:D./'4-=&?][_[Z


;TIK'CP^?S
Y_
6]UVN]/Z
M
AZ9$5TC)NRM7(2_%Y%WKJZN6E%O2IJC7$V)FXH^;_'N*:!P(YGU(@$]P@P9

*`)G#@$]'N@0V/$9T


A6D6):T
M(^RZE16S(SRDT-'Q']'SDD#*Q$1
(]:0
H&O]_O%CC\7.EYZMR?KUQJ(C:^H/M.7/,=A0R<3OJ1/#,#[#`F)5O*

:ACT8!@N`YYJV`Q\^_O=QV68K(O
M-&2C(`^
D%H


MRG`7'!9TM*%L#&MT6A
EP`YRFH),4U70K91Z/E..^OYB:%,9'4H*5\FBF;6
M:PV!K[G^7$J$WMXMT'LW4[6NP-]/-:3Y*7V[
#'3Y`$:.K?$]1*E/UIH?



XM%\
2ZZT+@EQB;0:BL
Q

J3ZL0W&B#\?-@3+$NN










MH3$%DX+P_-7LA#:!+!ZI./U;^$H_
;0B\1&6Q7W3^%HLZX!3?AEPUU[/QRS-
QW<S&R-WKL%

M;R$_EY*W*&D_Z:SGP

'W%


6G!I9WGX3V
M@B
-6:@JD9XF1I'2$X+LS4;#7LOQ.1Y+\);)VGR]70-]IN(G2%DHV`:'3.
+



#$T
3(S
2YX;6Q55`4``_


M```!````I($EO@``;F]S=&%L9VEA+3(P
30Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q55`4``_,

M&@`8```````!````I(%SQP``;F]S=&%L9VEA+3(P
30Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q5
M5`4``_


30Q
C
Q7VQA
M8BYX;6Q55`4``_


30Q
M
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`4``_

4````

M+3(P
30Q
C
Q+GAS9%54!0`#\P)N575XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````

 'defref_nostalgia_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 4%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<td style=width: 4%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D96-A,C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A,S5?8C=F,5]A9C4T
M93`X8C-D-V8B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M3D-%7U-(14544U]087)E;G1H971I8V%L/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!
M5$5-14Y44U]/1E]#2$%.1T537TE.7U-43T-+/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z



&-E;%=O


#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T





M;64^0T]-34].7U-43T-+/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U






M(#QX.DYA;64^4T545$Q%345.5%]/1E]!0U1)3TX\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\







3DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M='
O4VAE970R



O4VAE970R

M86UE/D%#0T]53E1)3D=?4$]
24-)15-?4&]L:6-I97

7T584$5.

M968]

O4VAE
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R
M8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T

O




M(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y.151?3$]34U]015)?4TA!4D5?3T9?0T]-34].7U,R/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^04-#3U5.5$E.
M1U]03TQ)0TE%4U]$971A:6QS7TYA/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T545$Q%



Q+FAT;6PB


M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T%0
M251!3%]35$]#2U]!0U1)5DE465]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z


S+FAT

&-E;%=O


^




3X-B`@(#QP/E1H:7



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A9C4T



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
2!<F%N9'
L($EN8RX\





]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@

]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D
M($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@
M,S$L#0H)3(P




]



BTS
3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



T1T;W`^27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L


]

]


]



]




]








M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&5C83(Q
#1?-#4Y9%\T83
U

O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

04Y#12!3
M2$5%5%


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S`L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$






#4S/'-P86X^





]












]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#`P
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`U


]
T1N=6UP/C4L

C8L
C0R/'-P86X^

C`L-3DR









]



M














#`\

M







2!P87(@=F%L=64L
M(#4P+#`P

M97
@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

RPX




]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P/'-P

RPX
M




]
T1N=6UP/C











#`\









M

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#4L

3`S+#
Y

]
T1N=6T^*#DX+#@R

M/B@Y
BPX



S
L



M

]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-RPS.3`I/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1N=6T^*#8U
M+#
Y



MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U,PX


]
T1N=6UP/C0L

M;7`^
C8L


C`L

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@










]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PP-3
\

M(#(V+#(T


#1?-#4Y
M9%\T83

O4VAE970P
RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M04Y#12!32$5%5%

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S`L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@


S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5N+B`S

]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\



#`Q


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@





#`Q/'-P

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@








]
M
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P

#`L

#`P+#`P


M




]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P

#`L
#`P/'-P

M
#`P+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]

RPX
#`L

RPX
#`L

RPX
#`L
#`P

M
RPX
#`L


RPX
#`L

RPX
#`L

RPX
#`L

RPX
#`L
#`P

M
RPX
#`L


RPX
#`L

RPX
#`L

RPX
#`L

BPP-3`L
#`P





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&5C83(Q
#1?-#4Y9%\T83
U7V(W9C%?


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@36]N

M;CTS1#0^-B!-;VYT:'


T0Q/C$W($UO



T0Q/C
R


T0Q/C




]
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$T/&)R/CPO

C`Q
CQB

#$Q

S`L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C`Q


















































]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]
T1T97AT/B9N


]


]
T1N=6T^

]
M





]


]
T1N=6UP/C8T/'-P

3@\


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U








]


]

M


]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M965S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`P

M/B@Q+#`P

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#`P



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X+#`P
M



]



2PX-3`\

M-RPT







T1T;W`^5&]T

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`P



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#`P









M
S
L
#

M1&YU;7`^

M/3-$;G5M/B@S+#`P



M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-RPV
38I/'-P






]











C$L







M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
RPP







]


]


]



]


]


]


]

]


]
T1T

]


]


]
M

]
M


]


]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N



]



]

]



]

M






BPX




I









M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N








M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N
M




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]


T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@879E



















M+R\O0SHO9&5C83(Q
#1?-#4Y9%\T83
U7V(W9C%?868U-&4P.&(S9#=F+U=O

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

M2$]




]

N(#


]
T1R


M1&YU;7`^






]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1N=6T^


]

N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#0U





]

BPP-3`L
#`P/'-P86X^







M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PX-3`I

M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C

S0L
C`P/'-P86X^

3$L.34X


M9VX]


#`\




M/D)E9VEN;FEN9RP@0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@



]


M/D)E9VEN;FEN9RP@8F%L86YC92!S:&%R97
@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3PO



]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S4P+#`P


]




S
L
M
#


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#(P
#QS

M86QI9VX]

P

M




M=&]P/D)E9VEN;FEN9RP@0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R



]


M=&]P/D)E9VEN;FEN9RP@8F%L86YC92!S:&%R97
@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S4P+#`P


]


T1T;W`^3F5T(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@







]

M
S`L(#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M


M+#@P

]

N(#

]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#0U
#QS



]

BPP-3`L
M








M



]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^



]


M9&EN9RP@0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P


]








M36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q














M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S






M+B`S

RPX
M















M9VX]



M1&YU;3XH
30L


]

M(#

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
T+#(P





]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P


]


T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG+!86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L
M(#(P

]





I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


M;G5M/B@Q-RPV





]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P

M
S0L

M1&YU;3XH
3`R+#
Y



M(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]


]

]
T1P



^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M
RPX


]
T1N=6T^*#8U+#
Y


]


RPX
#`L


RPX
M



]
T1N=6T^*#8T+#
Y

]


RPX
#`L


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#`P

M92!A=!*=6XN(#,P+`R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]










M=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]
T1N=6T^*#$P




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG+!B86QA

#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#
L


]

S`L(#(P



]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P


]



T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG+!86QA
M;F-E(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3



^#0H@


S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0L

]


M

N(#





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

3`T
M7S0U.61?-&$S-5]B-V8Q7V%F-31E
#AB







]



M5U



]


]

]



3XR
R!-;VYT:'

3XR-B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

3XR.2!-;VYT:'
@

M
3XS
B!-;VYT:'

3XS-2!-;VYT:'



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q


C`Q


C`Q



]



]
T1N=6T^)`H-PU


2PX-3`I/'-P

M/B0@*#@L

S
L
#



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$T+#`U

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
W
M+#4T




#@I/'-P




M
BPX

M1&YU;3XD(@Y.PX











































]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P


]


]





Z

]
M



]




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#(P+#`P

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R,PP


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$R+#`P



]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L


3(L

S`L


]
T1N=6T^*#(P+#`P


M1&YU;3XH



3@L


]


]
T1T


]


RPU








]


]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U

RPP




M1&YU;3XH


]


]
T1N=6T^*#@X+#`T




M/B@S









]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]
T1N=6UP/C(P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P

]
T1N=6UP/C(P

]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P


]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#`P
#QS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
X+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#`P


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!C


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]


]


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8W+#4P
#QS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
X+#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#(P

]
T1N=6UP/C@X+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C@X+#`P
M




]
M

]
M
T1N=6T^*#8L


]


M-#

M;7`^





]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#(T




]
M

]







]


]
T1N=6UP/C4Q/'-P

C`L





]


]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#4Y
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S








]


]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N

]
T1T

]


]
M


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS


]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


]


]


]
T1T

]







]

^
R!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S
M

]
T1T:#Y397`N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]























'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






0T*0G)A;F1S
M+!);F,N(AT:&4@)B

30X.RD@:7
@82!$96QA=V%R

C`Q

M:&4-C$Y-3`F(S$T-CMS(&%N9`Q.38P)B















M96YT(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9'

M8V@@9G5N9'





M82!&86UI;'D@0G)A;F1S+!);F,N#0HH=&AE(8C
30W.T-O;7!A;GDF(S$T

M=F5M8F5R(#4L(#(P


M;F1S+F-O;28C



M
3DV





M9'5C='


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M:&%T('-U8V@@9G5N9'


@:6YC





@;V8@=&AE(%-E8W5R
M:71I97


M:6YC:7!L97

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5L:65V97





M97








T0G9F]N=#H@








@

30W.T-O;7!A;GDF(S$T.#LI(&ES(&$@1&5L

M

3$N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(&%I;7





M(&EN('1H92`Q.34P)B

3DV


N($5X86UP


875N9')Y(%-O



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M

M:6%L(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9&EN9R!T;R!I;FET:6%T92!A;F0@9&5V96QO


M9G5N9'



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF





C`Q
2X@5&AE($-O


N8V]M)B

30V
M.W




3DU
8C,30V.W,@86YD(#$Y-C`F(S$T-CMS(&%N9!P
M97)H87!S(&]T:&5R(&1E8V%D97



M;VMI97


@=&AA=!T:&4@;VQD97(@
M9V5N97)A=&EO;G,@96YJ;WEE9!T:&%T('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN=&5N9'
@
M=&\@=&%R9V5T('1O#0IM86ME(&%V86EL86)L92!O;F-E(&%G86EN(&%T(')E


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@

@



M97)A=&EO;G



M


-F%N9!S=&%T
M960@:6X@55



M;B!C;VYD96YS960@;W(@;VUI='1E9!P=7)S=6%N=!T;R!S=6-H(')U;&5S



T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P





M=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@8V]N=&%I;F5D('1H97)E:6XN($ET


S
S+3$X
38U
BDN(%1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(&9O;&QO=W
@=&AE('-A;64@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!P;VQI8VEE

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






]

@3F5W(%)O


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY
M)B




30V.W



M;G






M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F%T=7)E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G9F]N=#H@



M('%U87)T97(@
C`Q


N8V]M)B
Q

30V.W


3DU




M9'5C='
@=&AA=!T:&4@;VQD97(@9V5N97)A=&EO;G,@96YJ;WEE9!T:&%T

@86YD(&1R





M8G-T86YT:6%L(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9&EN9R!T;R!I;FET:6%T92!A;F0@






L(&AA=F4@








M-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




L('=H




M871I;VX@3F\N.B`S
S
M





M(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@87)E(&YO=!I;F1I8V%T:79E(&]F(&%N;G5A;!R97-U;'1S



'!T.R!T97AT


T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F%T=7)E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97

30W.T-O;7!A;GDF(S$T.#LI(&ES

M(#4L(#(P

M97)A=&EO;G


M=&%L9VEA9F%M:6QY8G)A;F1S+F-O;28C

M(&UA;G5F86-T=7)E9!A;F0@9&ES=')I8G5T92!T:&%T(&AA9!B965N('!O

3DV


@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M:6-I96YT(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9'
@=VAE;B!N965D960L(&]R('1H870@

M;VX@=&5R;7



'!T.R!T97AT


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G9F]N=#H@

@3F%T

M5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@



C`Q
2X@5&AE


N8V]M)B

M
30V.W


3DU



@=&AA=!T:&4@;VQD
M97(@9V5N97)A=&EO;G,@96YJ;WEE9!T:&%T('1H92!#;VUP86YY#0II;G1E





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z









30W.T-O;7!A

M(&]N($YO=F5M8F5R(#4L(#(P



30V.W

M97

L


M=&EO;G




T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G9F]N=#H@




@86YD(&-A;B!G:79E(&YO




@;F\@87-S=7)A;F-E#0IT:&%T('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I;&P@8F4@

L(&EF(&%V86EL86)L92P@


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97








@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O



2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@;F]T97


M
2X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9F]L




T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-
2<^

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@



M=&EO;G






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@;F]T97


M97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L





L(&%L=&AO=6=H#0IT





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
M;F]T97




@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@







M(#`@
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY
M)B


3$N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%I
M;7



875N9')Y(%-O87`@





@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY


M;&P@8F4@;V)T86EN86)L90T*;VX@=&5R;7



T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G9F]N=#H@



M=V5B('-I=&4@)B

30X




@:6YC



M;F1S#0IT;R!T87)G970@=&\@;6%K92!A=F%I;&%B;&4@;VYC92!A9V%I;B!A




M5&EM97

M
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@;F]T


N



M=F%I;&%B;&4L('=I;&P@8F4@;V)T86EN86)L90T*;VX@=&5R;7


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P(#`@







'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP
M86YY)B



3$N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(&%I;7




875N9')Y(%-O




@3F5W

'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@;F]T(&=E;F5R871E


N(%1H92!#;VUP


M('=I;&P@8F4@;V)T86EN86)L90T*;VX@=&5R;7


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M




M97

'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#@[


3$N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%I;7
@=&\@



875N9')Y(%-O87`@86YD(%-T



M97


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I;&P@


M;V)T86EN86)L90T*;VX@=&5R;7


T0G9F]N=#H@






@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY)B


M

3$N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%I;7




875N9')Y(%-O87`@86YD(%-T;W!E='1E($1E



@3F5W(%)O



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97






M=!S=6-H(&9U;F1S+!I9B!A=F%I;&%B;&4L('=I;&P@8F4@;V)T86EN86)L
M90T*;VX@=&5R;7



M=%]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]

]
M

]

]

]


]


M36%R+B`S
2P@


C`Q


S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




24-)15
\+W1D

M

M/B8C



@:6X@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD

C`Q


30W.U-%0R8C
30X.RD@=VAI

M;W)D:6YG;'DL('1H97D@9&\@;F]T(&EN8VQU9&4@86QL(&]F#0IT:&4@:6YF
2!A
M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97,@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H
M92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@9F]R#0IA;FYU86P@9FEN86YC
M:6%L('-T871E;65N=',N($EN('1H92!O<&EN:6]N(&]F(&UA;F%G96UE;G0L
M('-U8V@@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@8V]N=&%I;G,@86QL(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S+!C

M='




2P@






30X.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0V]D


30M
3`L


30W.VEN8V5P=&EO;B!T;R!D871E)B


M(#(P
30M


#L\+W`^




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P


M;!L:7%U:60@:6YV97-T;65N=',-G=I=&@@86X@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M97



M06QL('-O=7)C97




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@






@3F5W(%)O


















#L\+W`^#0H-





@;V8@


M;W5N='




M

M(S$V






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








L('=H:6-H('=I;&P@96ET:&5R

@86YD





'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;W-I=&EO;G

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M


;W-S*2!P


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


30X
M.RD@86YD(%-%0R!3=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN#0I.;RX@.3@@
M*8C,30W.U-!0B`Y.8C






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V





M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M)SY

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:7

@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@
M86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^


T0G9F]N=#H@


M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@9V5N


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P
M=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@86YD('1H92!R

@;V8@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97
@86YD($5X


M;!S=&%T96UE;G1S+@T*26X@=&AE(&]P:6YI;VX@;V8@;6%N86=E;65N=P@


S$L(#(P
3
N

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@


F(S$T.#LI#0II

@57!D871E(@F(S$T-SM!4U4F
M(S$T.#LI(#(P,30M,3`L(#QI/D1E=F5L;W!M96YT(%-T86=E($5N=&ET:65S
M(A4;W!I8R`Y
34I.B!%;&EM:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!#97)T86EN#0I&:6YA;F-I

@05-5(')E;6]V
M97

M;VX@86YD(&5L:6UI;F%T97

M;7!A;GDL(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4U4@,C`Q-TQ

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97





'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

\





M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V


M(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97









2P@
C`Q

@;VYG
M;VEN9R!E=F%L=6%T:6]N(&]F('1H:7


M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=&ET=71I;VX@=71I;&EZ960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN

T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

T0G9F]N=#H@









'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68[






@3F5W




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M;CH@
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL




@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@
M8F%S:7








M;R!B92!R96%L:7IE9X@070@36%R8V@@,S$L(#(P,3,@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R


@9&5F97)R960@=&%X

L(&1U

M:71S+B!!=!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q

M;WAI;6%T96QY(0X.PP

@




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B

T0G9F]N=#H@



TQ,TR-2X@5&AE



@=&%K96X@;W(@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@



@

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

L

2PV-#
@87

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



;W-S*2!P97(@4VAA

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@



30X.RD-F%N9!314
@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!=6QL971I;B!.
M;RX@.3@@*8C

@;F5T(&EN8V]M90T*











T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@


M5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


@82!H:65R87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E
M8VAN:7%U97
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!W:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='
@=&\@=&AO

@

M97

M4T




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@












M97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N


@;W(@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN
M:7%U97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M4V5R:68G/B8C

M
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M87)K970@9&%T82P@=VAE;B!A=F%I;&%B;&4L(&EN(&UA:VEN9R!F86ER('9A


@;V8@


M8VAN:7%U97

M97)V86)L92!I;G!U='

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

T0G9F]N=#H@





M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M='






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M




M
S`L(#(P



M(S$T-SM314

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N($%C8V]R9&EN9VQY+!T:&5Y(&1O(&YO=!I;F-L

M#0IF;W(@86YN=6%L(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S+B!);B!T:&4@;W!I
M;FEO;B!O9B!M86YA9V5M96YT+!S=6-H(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&-O;G1A:6YS


@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V1S('!R



M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!*=6YE(#(P
30L('1H92!&
M:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
-D)O87)D(@F(S$T-SM&

30W.T%30R8C

M(%5P9&%T92`H)B

Q-#@[*0T*
C`Q-TQ,P@/&D^1&5V96QO



\


Q



M($%352`R

C`Q-TQ,!I
M;B!I='
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY#87-H(&%N

M/B8C



M92!M;VYT:'



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@0V]M


T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@







@3F5W(%)O




M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X





M='5R97


M=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YS=')U;65N='








T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


@

@870-F$@8V]M;65R8VEA;!B86YK+B!4:&4@



M



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





M9V5M96YT('1O(&UA:V4@97-T:6UA=&5S#0IA;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@=&AA

M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M97)I;V0N($%C='5A;!R97-U;'1S#0IC;W5L9!D:69F97(@9G)O;2!T:&]S



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M

M(S$V




T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M








@87)E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D('=H




#`@;V8@=6YU


@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M;G


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@9F5D97)A


2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q




M-6EN)SXF(S$V


@3F5W(%)O








30X.RD@86YD(%-%
M0R!3=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN#0I.;RX@.3@@*8C,30W.U-!
M0B`Y.8C








M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




#L@=&5X

#L\




M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M8VAN:7%U97

M97)V86)L92!I;G!U='

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



N($YO;BUD

@;V8@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3











'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


M('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87
@;V8@2G5N92`S

P













M97)A=&EO;G

M2G5N92`S

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


38P.R8C




Q-#@[*2!!8V-O=6YT

30W.T%3
M528C
30X.RD@

M97



C`Q-TQ,!I;B!I='
-F9I;F%N8VEA;!S

2P@
C`Q-X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*#0H\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO


@


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M:7%U:60@:6YV97-T;65N='

M9B!T:')E92!M;VYT:'


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:68G/B8C


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M($%30R`V


M97



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P(#`@





T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G9F]N=#H@




30W.T)#1B8C

2!W:&5N(&ES<W5E9X@5&AE($)#1B!F

@

@3F5W

'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



P@
M,C`Q,R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1I9!N



@;F]T


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P
M(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






@

'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@86YD




'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@




T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@




'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@









M8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97

@=&\@=&AE(&%M;W5N=`T*

S`L(#(P
3
@86YD
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

@97-T86)L:7-H



S


T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M86YY(&9O;&QO=W

@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@-S0P+3$P




M;G



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V








T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



30W.T%30R`R-C`F(S$T.#LI#0IA;F0@4T5#(%-T869F($%C8V]U


M;7!U=&5D(&)Y(&1I=FED:6YG('1H92!A;6]U;G0@879A:6QA8FQE('1O(&-O

@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M
M8F5R(&]F#0IS:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&1U

M;'5D97








6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO






6QE/3-$


M97

'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

979E;`T*
2!)
M;G!U='
@)B

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&EN(&%N(&%C


@3F5W(%)O



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

979E;`T*
B!);G!U='
@)B




T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


34P.R!);G!U='

M8V5S(&]R('9A;'5A=&EO;B!T96-H;FEQ=65S('1H870@87)E(&)O=&@@=6YO

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



N($YO;BUD97)I=F%T:79E#0IF
M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='

C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L



@9'5E('1O




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`M-#!P=#L@=&5X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P





@9&5F:6YE9!I;B!&
M05-($%30R`Y


M871I;VX@:7



M97





@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M=6YA=61I=&5D(&EN=&5R:6T@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




30W.U-%0R8C
30X

2!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M96UE;G0L('-U8V@@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@8V]N=&%I;G
@86QL(&%D:G5S=&UE

M=7-T;65N='




S`L(#(P

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B

30W.T9!4T(F(S$T.#LI($%C8V]U


Q-#@[


@05-5(')E
M;6]V97


30M
3`L(&AA





'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M='


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M('1H870@87)E(')E861I;'D@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT;R!C87-H('1O(&)E


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@=&\@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD



@4V5C=&EO
M;B`V



M86)L92!A;F0@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@:7


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


38P.SPO

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SY#;VYV97)T:6)L92!D96)T(&ES(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(@=6YD97(@1D%3
M0@T*05-#(#0W
P@/&D^1&5B=`F(S$U



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M(S$T-SM&1$E#)B

@)#(U

M97!T96UB97(@
S`L(#(P


T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


@:6X-F%C
M8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY

M=6ER97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY);F-O;64@5&%X97


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97










@86YD


M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97




S`L#0HR




M4V5P=&5M8F5R(#



@97AP

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@









#L\+W`^



#$S+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
M


T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY%87)N:6YG

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M0B!!4T
@

30W.T%3
M0R`R-C`F(S$T.#LI(&%N9!314,@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!=6QL971I

M=FED:6YG('1H92!A;6]U;G0@879A:6QA8FQE('1O(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:VAO

@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F('-H87)E


@=&AE(&5F

L









M;CH@






M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V





M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X

N(%=H96X@:6YP



M;65N='





M;65N='



M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE







@3F5W

'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B
Q-C`[)B

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@

M90T*=6YA=61I=&5D(&EN=&5R:6T@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87
@;V8@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#
P+`R,#$S(&%N9!F;W(@




C`Q


@







M
S$L(#(P
3

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

F(S$T.#LI

@57!D871E(@F(S$T-SM!
M4U4F(S$T.#LI(#(P,30M,3`L(#QI/D1E=F5L;W!M96YT(%-T86=E($5N=&ET
M:65S(A4;W!I8R`Y
34I.B!%;&EM:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!#97)T86EN#0I&:6YA

@05-5(')E
M;6]V97

M8W1I;VX@86YD(&5L:6UI;F%T97

M($-O;7!A;GDL(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4U4@,C`Q-TQ


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`M-#!P=#L@=&5X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^













'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M97

'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M($]P=&EO;G

M87




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

T0G9F]N=#H@

@8V%S


30W.T9$24
F(S$T


M
C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P






'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P
M(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






@

'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@86YD




'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@




T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@




'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

T0G9F]N=#H@






@86YD(&QI86)I


M(&%R92!A;'-O(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97
@=&AA

@=&\@




M



M5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@







@=&%K96X@;W(@97AP96-T960@=&\@8F4@=&%K96X@





'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@




2P@
C`Q
B!A
M;F0@
C`Q

S`L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M9W

30X.RD-F%N9!3
M14
@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!=6QL971I;B!.;RX@.3@@*8C
30W.U-!










T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@


@82!H
M:65R87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!W
M:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='

M=65S(')E9FQE8W0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@





M





@

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
M
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S


@;W(@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M;B!I;G!U='






M:6YI;6EZ92!T:&4@=7-E(&]F('5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='

T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@





S`L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q

M86P@:6YS=')U;65N='



















M:6XG/B8C



@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`Q-P@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;!!8V-O=6YT

M4U4F(S$T.#LI#0HR
#$T+3$P+`\:3Y$979E;&]P;65N=!3=&%G92!%;G1I

@.3$U*3H@16QI;6EN871I;VX@;V8@0V5R=&%I;B!&:6YA

M9&%T928C


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


M='



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M;CH@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W





M-S`L($1E8G0@)B
Q-3`[($1E8G0@=VET:!#;VYV97)S:6]N(&%N9!/=&AE

30W.T)#1B8C

@






@8W)E9&ET960@=&\@861D

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97













'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N










@9F]R('1H;W-E






Q
M+`T*
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D
M(&9U;&P@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97,@86=A:6YS=!I='
@9&5F97)R


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD




@87)E(&5V86QU871E

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




3`@*&EN8V5P=&EO;BD@=&\@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L



T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@











I


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M


34P




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




34P.R!);G!U='

M97




M97


R!);G!U='
@)B





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P






@

@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&QO=V5S=!L979E;!I;G!U



T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




N($%S(&]F($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6X-F%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT
M:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET



T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY%87)N:6YG

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M0B!!4T
@

M4T
@
C8P)B

M:6X-DYO+B`Y.`H)B


M97


M9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL=71I=F4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&9R


@87)E(&5X8VQU9&5D

I('!E


3!P







M:7



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#$T+3$P+`\:3Y$979E;&]P;65N=!3

@.3$U*3H@16QI;6EN871I;VX@;V8@0V5R

M:7
@05-5(')E;6]V97
-G1H92!D979E;&]P;65N=!S=&%G92!D:7-C;&]S


M
30M




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M17%U:79A;&5N='

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97







'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=&5N9'


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M0U


@;V-C=7)R960L('1H92!F964@:7

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y)SY#;VYV97)T:6)L92!D96)T(&ES(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(@=6YD
M97(@1D%30@T*05-#(#0W,P@1&5B=`F(S$U,#L@1&5B=!W:71H($-O;G9E

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9'
@


Q











M;CH@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P


@3F5W(%)O



30W.T9$24
F(S$T.#LI(&-O=F5R

C4P+#`P


N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
M





M:65V97





M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


@;F]T

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-



N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
2`D
3`R+#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@0V]M








#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H-



#$S+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q










M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M('-O=7)C97

M:71H#0I!4T

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y)SY







#L@26YP=71S




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M=F5L(#

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[






@3F5W

2!A;GD@87-S
M971S(&]R#0IL:6%B:6QI=&EE<R!T:&%T(&%R92!R97%U:7)E9!T;R!B92!P








#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^


6QE/3-$)V9O


@



M97


-

-


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



I('!E


#L\+W`^



M/&D^16%R;FEN9W

30X
M.RD@86YD(%-%0R!3=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN#0I.;RX@.3@@
M*8C,30W.U-!0B`Y.8C






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;V8@:71S(&5F9F]R='






M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



@=&AA



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M#0I#;VUP86YY(&EN=&5N9'
@=&\@9V5N97)A=&4@:71S(')E=F5N=64@9G)O

M5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@



M($)O87)D(@F(S$T-SM&05-)B
Q-#@[*2!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%-T86YD87)D


M960L('1H92!F964@:7



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#LF(S$V


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-3`[($1E

M='5R92`H)B



M='5R97




M5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


@3F5W

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@



@870@82!C


M

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE





T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G
M9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@






@86YD(&QI86)I


M(&%R92!A;'-O(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97
@=&AA

@=&\@

M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


M9R!L;W-S97


#
R+CPO9F]N=#X\



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


M

!R





@9F]R('1H92!Y


C`Q


2PV-#
@87
@9V5N97)A


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\








M97

C`L(#QI

M($EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4T,@.#(P+!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('-U










@:6X@86X@86-T



'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


#L@26YP=71S(&]T:&5R






'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SY
979E;`T*
R!);G!U='
@)B


M97


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P
M.R8C


@


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N


@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M





T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G9F]N=#H@



30W.T%30R`R-C`F(S$T.#LI#0IA;F0@4T5#(%-T869F


M(&ES(&-O;7!U=&5D(&)Y(&1I=FED:6YG('1H92!A;6]U;G0@879A:6QA8FQE

@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A
M9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F#0IS:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD








M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


@=&\@


@9&5F:6YE9!I
M;B!&05-($%30R`Y



M;W)M871I;VX@:7





'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\








F(S$T.#LI(#8P-2P@/&D^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA

T0G9F]N=#H@



M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97








M=')U;65N='




@









6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97





M9F]R;7
@;VYG;VEN9R!E=F%L=6%T:6]N(&]F('1H:7
@9FEN86YC:6%L(&EN

@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!O9B!R:7-K










M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\












M96YC97





#$R


2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-FAA9!A


M97




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M(&9O;&QO=W

@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@-S0P+3$P+3(U




@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V





@4W1A


M('-T871E;65N='




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

T0G9F]N=#H@





M86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`X



T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@


34P.R!);G!U='
@;W1H97(@=&AA









T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@




@86YD(&UI;FEM:7IE



@

'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97












T0G9F]N=#H@
M

Q-C`[)B
Q

T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


M871E;65N='




@86YD(&1I



T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M9W

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^



M86YC92!W:71H($9!4T(@05-#(#(V
P@/&D^16%R;FEN9W,@4&5R(%-H87)E
M/]I/B`H)B

8C,30X.RD-F%N9!314,@4W1A9F8@06-C
M;W5N=&EN9R!=6QL971I;B!.;RX@.3@@*8C,30W.U-!0B`Y.8C
30X.RDN













M(#`@
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@

'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M:6%L('-T871E;65N='



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@









M('-T871E;65N='
N($%C8V]R9&EN9VQY+!T:&5Y(&1O(&YO=!I;F-L=61E






2P@
C`Q



@;W(@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&EN9R!$

2P@
C`Q


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


Q

30X.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0V]D:69I8V%T


30M
3`L(#QI/D1E


30W.VEN8V5P=&EO;B!T;R!D871E)B


30M
M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

M=&UE;G1S('=I=&@@86X@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I='D@;V8@=&AR964@;6]N




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY!;&P@

M='


M/B8C







M1D%30B!!4T

34P.R!$96)T('=I=&@@0V]N=F5R

M9'





Q-C`[)B




30W.T9$24

M
C4P+#`P


M86YC97


@;VYG;VEN9R!E=F%L
M=6%T:6]N(&]F('1H:7











@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@








T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@

M5&EM97

M


M4T


M:71I97





M:`T*
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#



#
S


#LF(S$V
M


3`M




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@:6X@=&AE






@;V8@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

@;F5T(&EN8V]M90T*


M4T(@05-#(#(V
P@/&D^16%R;FEN9W,@4&5R(%-H87)E/]I/B`H)B

M05-#(#(V
8C,30X.RD@86YD(%-%0R!3=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG#0I=6QL
M971I;B!.;RX@.3@@*8C,30W.U-!0B`Y.8C
30X.RDN(%5N9&5R('1H92!P








'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

`P(#`@
M,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY&05-($%30R`X
C`L(#QI/D9A



M9FQE8W0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

@


M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:`T*05-#(#@R






M;B!A8W1I=F4@;6%R:V5T('1H870@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S('1H92!A8FEL


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


B!);G!U='
@)B
Q-3`[($EN





M)SXF(S$V


#L@26YP

@;W(@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97
@





`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY&
M05-($%30R`X

@=&AE('5S92!O9@T*;V)S97)V86)L92!M
M87)K970@9&%T82P@=VAE;B!A=F%I;&%B;&4L(&EN(&UA:VEN9R!F86ER('9A

@=7-E9!T;R!M96%S=7)E
M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@9F%L;!W:71H:6X@9&EF9F5R96YT#0IL979E;'
@;V8@


M97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@86YD(&UI;FEM:7IE#0IT:&4@=7-E(&]F('5N;V)S
M97)V86)L92!I;G!U='

M(TT,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU
M:6XG/B8C






@;V8@36%R8V@@
M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@




'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY$979E;&]P

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M



M4T


M:6%L('-T871E;65N='






'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@






S`L(#(P
3


@;V8@06UE

30W.U-%
M0R8C






@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V1S('!R97-E;G1E

S`L(#(P
3


S$L(#(P
3

38P.R8C

C`Q
M-P@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;!!8V-O=6YT:6YG#0I3=&%N9&%R9'



@.3$U*3H@16QI


@05-5(')E;6]V97

M;F-E('=I=&@@05-5(#(P
30M

M

M(#$L(#(P

M



\

38P.SPO











M9'






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

M97

'!T

T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SY#;VYV97)T:6)L92!D96)T(&ES(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(-G5N
M9&5R($9!4T(@05-#(#0W
P@/&D^1&5B=`F(S$U






38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M




38P




Q-#@[

@)#(U


2P@
C`Q


M+B!-86YA9V5M96YT(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H:7


M;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G,@=71I;&EZ960-F)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY


#L\+W`^








M='






M-6EN)SXF(S$V

`P(#`@,'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY);F-O;64@5&%X97,\+V(^/]P

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

M;GD@86-C;W5N='
@9F]R(&EN8V]M90T*=&%X97
@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W











M1&5F97)R960@=&%X97




M97


M)B
Q-C`[)B








M='

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2X@1F]R('1H92!P97)I

C`Q
`H:6YC97!T:6]N*2!T;R!*=6YE
M(#,P+`R

@4W1A=&4@;V8@



M;CH@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V



Q

@;V8@05-#(#(V
!A;F0@4T%
M(#DX+!B87-I8R!N970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD

M87)E(&EN8VQU9&5S('1H92!E9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL=71I=F4@8V]M;6]N('-T


M;&5N='
@87)E(&5X8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H92!C;VUP=71A=&EO;@T*;V8@9&EL




Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



@82!H:65R87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN
M:7%U97
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!W:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='

M=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97


@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@



M(S$V


#L@56YA9&IU

M='


T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

34P.R!);G!U='

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P
M(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@








M=70@=&AA=`T*:7












M
2P@
C`Q

M86P@:6YS=')U;65N='






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

M;V8@:71S(&5F9F]R='


@9&5F:6YE9!I;B!&05-($%30R`Y
34L(#QI/D%C8V]U;G1I






M;CH@
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

@

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@





M-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R(&%N9!F




M97!T960@:6X@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97,-F]F($%M97)I8V$@9F]R(&%N






@;W(@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R

2P@
C`Q




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



30W.T%30R8C




Q








'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M




@3F5W



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97






M(#`@
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97






M:7







M97





M97(@1D%30B!!4T

34P.R!$96)T('=I=&@@0V]N

M8V]R9'





M:6

L('=H:6-H(&ES

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:68G/B8C



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P



M;B`H)B

30X.RD@8V]V97)S#0HD
C4P+#`P



@;VYG;VEN9R!E=F%L=6%T:6]N(&]F('1H
M:7

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R





@








M9&%T92!O9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@86YD('1H92!R97!O


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M;CH@
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M;64@=&%X97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@


@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC




M;64@=&%X97








M
2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D(&9U;&P@=F%L
M=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97



P+`T*
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%D(&%P


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


@86YD(')E



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA

T0G9F]N=#H@



M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q+@T*1F]R('1H92!P97)I;V0@9G)O

M

L

2PV-#
@87

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P
M(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




@;F5T(&EN8V]M92`H;&]S

M4T
@

@
M
C8P)B
Q-#@[*0T*86YD(%-%0R!3=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN

Q-#@[*2X@56YD97(@=&AE('!R;W9I

@;V8@05-#(#(V













'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

\

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





M;V)S97)V86)L90T*:6YP=71S*2X@26X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`X
M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

34P.R!5;F%D:G5S=&5D('%U





T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

34P.R!);G!U='









@3F5W

@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M




M86)L92!I;G!U='


@3F5W(%)O



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97





C`Q
M
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

@



6%B;&4@
M:7

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

T0G9F]N=#H@





@9&5F:6YE9!I;B!&05-($%30R`Y
34L(#QI







M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\



M(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97










@3F5W

F(S$T



T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



@8V]N=F5R






T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@



30W.T9$24
F(S$T.#LI(&-O=F5R




M:65V97

M(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=')E;F=T:!O9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L#0II;G-T:71U
M=&EO;G


T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@






'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\






@86YD





#$S

#
S











@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&%X(')E='5R;G


M96UB97(@-2P@
C`Q


M=F4@97AP96YS97

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G9F]N=#H@




'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


@82!H:65R87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N
M('1E8VAN:7%U97
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!W:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='
@=&\@

M;G

M=7)C97





T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@56YA9&IU





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO


@;W(@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E
M8VAN:7%U97


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M;CH@
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M92!M87)K970@9&%T82P@=VAE;B!A=F%I;&%B;&4L(&EN(&UA:VEN9R!F86ER


@


M('1E8VAN:7%U97

M;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

T0G9F]N=#H@



M
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

M92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='





@3F5W


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M4V5R:68G/B8C

M
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@9V5N97)A;&QY


@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@



@8V]U;&0@9&EF9F5R







@3F5W





M;W-S*2!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!&05-


@



M;F]T97
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











M8V$R
3`T7S0U.61?-&$S-5]B-V8Q7V%F-31E
#AB





]

T1)1#!%

^
R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

SXV($UO




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q


M
S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

M62!)4U-5140@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!35$%.1$%21%


M871I;VX@;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='

M4W5B=&]P:6
@




#$T+3$U('!R

M:7






@86YD(&EN


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V



C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%350T*
M,C`Q-TQ

!E;&EM:6YA=&5S
M#0IT:&4@9&ES=&EN8W1I;VX@;V8@82!D979E;&]P;65N=!S=&%G92!E;G1I

M92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN($%352`R
#$T+3$P('=I;&P@8F4@969F96-T:79E

@
M8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$T+!A;F0@:6YT97)I

C`Q-TQ,!I;B!I='
@9FEN86YC:6%L
M('-T871E;65N='

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY)
M;B!-87D@





M4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;B8C
30X.SPO:3XN(%1H92!C;W)E('!R:6YC
M:7!L92!O9B!T:&ES('5P9&%T960@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7




@861D:71I;VYA;!D:7-C;&]S
M=7)E(&%B;W5T#0IT:&4@;F%T=7)E+!A;6]U;G0L('1I;6EN9R!A;F0@=6YC




@:6YC=7)R960@=&\@;V)T86EN(&]R

@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V




30W.SQI/E!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4W1A=&5M

@

@;V8@0V]M

@


30M






M;G




M('1H:7




@969F96-T:79E(&9O





T0G9F]N=#H@



M86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='

@
C`U



M86P@9&]U8G0@86)O=70@86X@96YT:71Y)B






34L#0HR
M


30V.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R
#$T+3$P+`\:3Y$979E;&]P;65N=!3

@.3$U*3H@16QI;6EN871I;VX@;V8@0V5R
M=&%I;B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4F5P;W)T:6YG#0I297%U:7)E;65N='
\+VD^+B!!
M4U4@
C`Q-TQ,!E;&EM:6YA=&5S('1H92!D:7-T:6YC=&EO;B!O9B!A(&1E






M
34L(#(P
30L#0IA;F0@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I;V1S('=I=&AI;B!T:&]S92!A


#$T
M+3$P#0II;B!I='
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

M4V5R:68G/DEN#0I-87D@
C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
M,C`Q-TP.2P@/&D^)B



@=&AE(')E

M:3XF(S$T-SM2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N)B



@

@=&\@
M8F4@96YT:71L960@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R('1H;W-E(&=O;V1S(&]R('-E








34L(#(P
38L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!I;G1E


M960N(%1H:7

M;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9`T*9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@





M=&EO;G



M;VXL('1H:7

@

M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N#0I4:&4@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7
@969F96-T:79E

M97(@1&5C96UB97(@
34L(#(P







3@S.SPO9F]N

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M96YT871I;VX@;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='

M;B`H4W5B=&]P:6
@




#$T+3$U



Q-#8[




@86YD

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V



C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%3
M50T*,C`Q-TQ

!E;&EM:6YA
M=&5S#0IT:&4@9&ES=&EN8W1I;VX@;V8@82!D979E;&]P;65N=!S=&%G92!E

M(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN($%352`R
#$T+3$P('=I;&P@8F4@969F96-T

M9'
@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$T+!A;F0@:6YT

@96%R;'D@



M9GDG/B8C


M

M-SM2979E;G5E(&9R;VT@0V]N=')A8W1S('=I=&@@0W5S=&]M97)S)B
Q-#@[

#4L(#QI/B8C
30W.U)E=F5N=64@









M(&$@8V]N=')A8W0N(%1H:7
@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7
@969F96-T:79E#0IF;W(@













30M



30M
M







M=&EO;G


M8V4@:7


M87)D('5P9&%T90T*:7

M;!I;7!A8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M


C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R,#$T+3$U+`\:3Y0


M8V5R;B`H4W5B=&]P:6
@




Q





M97(@1&5C96UB97(@
34L#0HR
#$V+!A;F0@9F]R(&%N;G5A;!P97)I;V1S

30V.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N
M='

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


#$T+3$P

@.3$U*3H@
M16QI;6EN871I;VX@;V8@0V5R=&%I;B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4F5P;W)T:6YG#0I2
M97%U:7)E;65N='
\+VD^+B!!4U4@
C`Q-TQ,!E;&EM:6YA=&5S('1H92!D






34L(#(P
30L#0IA;F0@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I



#$T+3$P#0II;B!I='
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E
M;65N='




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G9F]N=#H@


C`Q-P@=&AE($9!
M4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@,C`Q-TP.2P@/&D^)B


30X.SPO:3XL('=H:6-H


M)B

M9V]O9'



@=&\@8F4@96YT:71L960@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R


M='


34L(#(P
M


@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!S=&%N9&%R

M;7!A8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9`T*9FEN
M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P(#`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@


M4U4@
C`Q-TP.P@82!D:7-P;W-A;!O9B!A(&-O;7!O;F5N=!O9B!A;B!E









M('!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!I;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N#0I4
M:&4@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7


34L(#(P
30L




M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@

C`Q

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



30M
34L(#QI/E!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA;F-I

M;B!%;G1I='DF(S$T-CMS($%B:6QI='D@=&\@0V]N=&EN=64@87
@82!';VEN
M9R!#;VYC97)N+CPO:3X@05-5(#(P
30M

@9W5I9&%N8V4@
M:6X@1T%!4!A8F]U=`T*;6%N86=E;65N=8C
30V.W



M;65N='


N(%1H92!A;65N
M9&UE;G1S(&EN($%352`R
#$T+3$U(&%R92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@9F]R('1H92!A



M:7

Q



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$T

34I.B!%;&EM:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!#

M($%352`R
#$T+3$P(&5L:6UI;F%T97






#$T+3$P(&EN(&ET


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O
M='1O;3H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


#$T


#4L(#QI/B8C
M
30W.U)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VXF(S$T.#L\+VD^+B!4:&4@8V]R92!P








@86YD(&-H86YG97




C`Q-BP@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&EN=&5R:6T@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#LF(S$V

M



M($-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@86X@16YT:71Y)B






@:7







M92!#;VUP86YY)B

M;65N='


30M
34L(#QI/E!R97-E;G1A

M=&EN=64@87
@82!';VEN9R!#;VYC97)N+CPO:3X@05-5(#(P
30M

M=FED97
@9W5I9&%N8V4@:6X@1T%!4!A8F]U=`T*;6%N86=E;65N=8C
30V
M.W



M9R!S;RP@=&AE(&%M96YD;65N='

M:6X@=&AE('1I;6EN9PT*86YD(&-O;G1E;G0@;V8@9F]O=&YO=&4@9&ES8VQO

N(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN($%352`R
#$T+3$U(&%R92!E9F9E


@86YD(&EN



M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B






M(#`@
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M2G5N92`R

34I.B!%;&EM:6YA


#$T+3$P(&5L:6UI;F%T97





M960@05-5(#(P
30M

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;VT@0V]N=')A8W1S('=I=&@@0W5S=&]M97)S)B


@:6X@86X@86UO=6YT('1H









M;VX@:7

30V.W


@


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='

V


M9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N(%5N9&5R($%352`R


M#0IH87

M:71Y)W

@=VAE;B!T

@;65E='








M9&]P=&EO;B!P97)M:71T960N(%1H:7

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T



M;F-E;65N='

M9!397!T96UB97(@,S`L(#(P,3(L(&%N9!H87
@9F]U;F0@;F]N92!O9B!T

M)B

]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T





M($%352`R

@86)O=70@86X@16YT
M:71Y)B

M8V5R;BX\+VD^($%352`R
#$T+3$U('!R;W9I9&5S(&=U:61A;F-E(&EN($=!











T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@




#$T+3$P

M







C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.
M;RX@,C`Q-TP.2P@/&D^)B


@-C`V*28C
30X.SPO:3XL('=H:6-H('-U


Q


M=6ER97






M('1H:7


M(&ES(&YO=!P97)M:71T960N(%1H:7,@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!S=&%N9&%R9!U



T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



C`Q-TP.P@)B

M($9I;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G1S(A4;W!I8R`R




30X.SPO





@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@

@82!S=')A=&5G:6






@;F]T

30V.W



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R
M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

30M
M


M($%B:6QI='D@=&\@0V]N=&EN=64@87
@82!';VEN9R!#;VYC97)N+CPO:3X@
M05-5(#(P
30M

@9W5I9&%N8V4@:6X@1T%!4!A8F]U=`T*
M;6%N86=E;65N=8C
30V.W







N(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN($%352`R
M





@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!S

M97)I86P@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XM=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34I.B!%;&EM:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!#97)T86EN($9I;F%N8VEA

#$T+3$P(&5L
M:6UI;F%T97




C`Q-P-F%N



30M



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN
M+6)O='1O;3H@


M97)S)B





N



M='





30V
M.W


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;@T*07!R:6P@
C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R,#$T+3`X+`F

@


V


M=&EO;G
N(%5N9&5R($%352`R

@*&]R('=I;&P@:&%V




M;W5P(&]F(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@;65E='


M=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G




M(%1H:7




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG






34L(#(P



M
30M


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




Q+`R,#$R+!A;F0-B`@(!H
M879E(&9O=6YD(&YO;F4@;V8@=&AE;2!T;R!H879E(&$@;6%T97)I86P@:6UP
M86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B




@96YD960@2G5N92`S


C`Q
M



T0G9F]N=#H@


M4T(@:7-S=65D($%350T*

M16YT:71I97


\+VD^+B!!4U4@
C`Q
M-TQ,!E;&EM:6YA=&5S#0IT:&4@9&ES=&EN8W1I;VX@;V8@82!D979E;&]P



M;65N='

M



M86-T(&]F($%352`R












M;65N='
@:6X@05-5(#(P
30M
34@87)E(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@=&AE(&%N








@


M
30M




C`Q-TQ,!W




2P@
C`Q

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M;CH@
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M#0IR96-O9VYI=&EO;B!R97%U:7)E;65N='
@:6X@05-#(#8P-2P@/&D^)B
Q

30X.SPO:3XN(%1H92!C;W)E('!R
M:6YC:7!L92!O9B!T:&ES('5P9&%T960@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7







@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[)B

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@


30M
#@L

M96YT#0HH5&]P:6
@




M='





M(&-L87-S:69I960@87



M(&)O=&@@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@86YD('1H92!D:7-P;W-A









M5&AE(&%M96YD;65N='
@:6X@05-5(#(P
30M
34@87)E(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F










M/BX@05-5(#(P
30M



M


@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M

M
C`Q-TQ,`T*:6X@:71S(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]N($IA;G5A

2P@

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M





M92!R979E;G5E#0IR96-O9VYI=&EO;B!R97%U:7)E;65N='
@:6X@05-#(#8P
M-2P@/&D^)B

30X.SPO:3XN(%1H
M92!C;W)E('!R:6YC:7!L92!O9B!T:&ES('5P9&%T960@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7
-






M97



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


T0G9F]N=#H@


M960@05-5(#(P
30M

@
S8P*2P@4F5P;W)T:6YG($1I

M;W-A;'









@
M86YD('1H92!D:7-P;W-A;!O9B!A;B!I;F1I=FED=6%L;'D-G-I9VYI9FEC







C`Q

N


@:6X@05-5(#(P
30M
34@







M

30M





@8F5G:6YN

C`Q-TQ,`T*:6X@:71S(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T

2P@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N



M;65N='
@:6X@05-#(#8P-2P@/&D^)B

M;B8C
30X.SPO:3XN(%1H92!C;W)E('!R:6YC:7!L92!O9B!T:&ES('5P9&%T
M960@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7
-G1H870@86X@96YT:71Y('-H;W5L9!R96-O9VYI




M






T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@


30M

@
S8P



M='DF(S$T.#L\+VD^+!W:&EC:!A;65N9'

@;V8@86X@96YT:71Y





@

M('1H86X-F)Y('-A;&4N($EN(&%D9&ET:6]N+!T:&ES($%352!R97%U:7)E

M=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G


#$T






M(#(P
30M
3`L(#QI/D1E=F5L;W!M96YT(%-T86=E($5N=&ET:65S(A4;W!I
M8R`Y,34I.B!%;&EM:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!#97)T86EN($9I;F%N8VEA;!297!O

M='

M;RUD871E(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&]N('1H92!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A
M=&EO;G


M5&AE(&%M96YD;65N='
@:6X@05-5(#(P
30M


@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E(&%N;G5A;!P97)I;V1S+!H;W=E



M
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]



@16YD960\

SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'


3XR-B!-;VYT:'

3XR.2!-;VYT:'

3XS
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3XS
M-2!-;VYT:'




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q

M
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N
M+B`S

]
T1T:#Y3
M97`N(#


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C`Q




]


]

@




2P@
C`Q-`T*86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#

!W:71H($-50D)/+!)
M;F





S`L
#`P(&EN(&9E97



2P@
C`Q
B!R97!R97-E;G0@


M97






#`@:6X@


M
3@L

N

@;6%N86=E;65N=!F=6YC=&EO;G,@=VET:!T

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@




M97!A:60@97AP96YS97
@870@2G5N92`S

C0L
#`P(&%N


@;6%N86=E;65N

N


N+!W:&EC:!R97%U:7)E

S`L
#`P(&EN(&9E97


P@,C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3

3@L


@;6%N86=E;65N

N

@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#



]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


S`L

N

@;6%N86=E;65N=!F=6YC=&EO;G,@=VET:!T



N

S`L
#`P(&EN
M(&9E97

Q+`R,#$T
M(&%N9`R

M;F0@)#$X+#`P




]
T1T97AT





@
M870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


S`L




M;CH@
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

2P@
C`Q
B!R97!R


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@

M;G0@;V8@)#
P+#`P


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@








M;F0@)#
P+#`P







M


C0L
#`P(&%N9`D,S`L,#`P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL('=I=&@@










#`@86YD(0S,PP
M




]
T1T


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@=&\@







]

]

T0R
M/C8@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

3XR-B!-;VYT:'
@

M
3XR.2!-;VYT:'

3XS
B!-;VYT:'

3XS-2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q


C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]
T1R

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

C`Q
B!A;F0-

#`L
#`P('-H



30V.W
@0VAI968@1FEN86YC:6%L($]F9FEC


]
T1T


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@82!T;W1A;!O9B`S+#@P,PP



3`P+#`P


]

M97

L
M.#`P+#`P

@=V5R92!S;VQD('1O('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B





#`L

M;VQD('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B




30V.W





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@82!T;W1A;!O9B`S+#@P,PP
#`@


3`P+#`P
M

]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@82!T;W1A
M;!O9B`S+#@P,PP


3`P+#`P

]
T1T97AT/CQP



#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!A('1O=&%L(&]F(#
L.#`P+#`P


#`L
#`P





#$Q(&$@=&]T86P@
M;V8@
RPX
#`L






#`L
#`P('-H


30V.W
@0VAI968@1FEN86YC:6%L($]F9FEC



T0G9F]N=#H@


@=V5R92!S;VQD('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



M97)E('-O;&0@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS($-H:65F($9I;F%N8VEA

2!P97(@


]

@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L

#$R(&%N
M9`T*
C`Q
2P@82!T;W1A;!O9B`S+#@P,PP


#`@

M($5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I8V5R+!A;F0@,3`P+#`P,!S:&%R97
@=V5R92!S
M;VQD('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B





@3F5W

#$Q+!A('1O=&%L(&]F(#,L.#`P+#`P,!S:&%R97
@

M-3`P+#`P

30V
M.W

#$@


T0G9F]N=#H@


L.#`P+#`P

@=V5R92!S;VQD('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q



#`L





30V.W


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A9C4T



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


12!04D]-25-3

]

T0R/CD@36]N

M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


CD@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

S(@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

S4@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

S@@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

















12!04D]-25-33U)9





M(&5V96YT(&]F(&1E9F%U;'0L(&EN=&5R97-T('-H86QL(&%C8W)U90T*;VX@


M:&4@;&5N9&5R)B

@;V8@

3`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@






M9&5R)B



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN
M+6)O='1O;3H@

#`P(&EN('1H




@86YY






M9B`D-3`L
#`P+@T*26X@=&AE(&5V96YT(&]F(&1E9F%U;'0L(&EN=&5R97-T




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30L(#(P
3(L
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V5I=F5D(0U,PP



M;B!O9B!T:&4@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97

30V.W





`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S

M-3`L
#`P+@T*26X@=&AE(&5V96YT(&]F(&1E9F%U;'0L(&EN=&5R97-T('-H





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30L
M(#(P



M
S$L(#(P

M=&AE(&YO=&4@:7




]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SY/;@T*1&5C96UB97(@
30L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY('-O;&0@86YD






]

M5&EM97

M


M;G5M+B!4:&4@:&]L9&5R(&]F('1H92!N;W1E(&ES(&5N=&ET;&5D('1O(&-O

M=&5S('!L=7




]
T1T


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J





@86YY(&%C8W)U




]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!$96-E;6)E






XQ,!P


]

@3F5W

'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30L
M(#(P



M(&YO=&5S('!L=7

M97(F(S$T-CMS('-O;&4@;W!T:6]N+`T*:6YT;R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N





M;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#4P+#`P,X@26X@=&AE(&5V96YT(&]F(&1E9F%U;'0L





M;VQE(&]P=&EO;BP@:6YT;R!S:&%R97




M;G0@;V8@)#4P+#`P
X-DEN('1H92!E=F5N=!O9B!D969A=6QT+!I;G1E



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&5C83(Q
#1?-#4Y9%\T83
U7V(W9C%?868U-&4P

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T


]

]

M:'

M/3-$
3XR
R!-;VYT:'

3XR-B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

3XR.2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3XS
B!-
M;VYT:'


3XS-2!-;VYT:'

3XS.!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@

]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$S

M
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]


]

@3F5W


30V.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:&%V92!B







@;F]T(&=E;F5R871E9`T*86YY(')E=F5N=65S('-I;F-E(&EN
M8V5P=&EO;BX@5VAI;&4@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@871T96UP=&EN9R!T;R!C



M=64@87



@3F5W



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V





30V.W







T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@






N(%1H92!#;VUP



@86YD('5N8V5R=&%I
M;G1I97



M:6QY(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N(%1H:7


30V.W


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@:&]P:6YG('1O
M(')A:7-E(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9'

@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M













M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'-P

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('=I9'1H.B`T)2<^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@


@
M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='







M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S

Q.#






M;VYT:'

30V.W






N
M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@=&AE('-U8G-T86YT:6%L(&)U



M)B



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@


M:6]N86P@9G5N9'


M8V]N=&EN=64@87




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;VUP86YY:6YG(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&1O(&YO=!I;F-L=61E






M960@86YY(')E=F5N=65S('-I;F-E(&EN8V5P=&EO;BX@5VAI;&4@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GD@:7




@

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^







30V.W




@86-T:79I='D@:7
@9&5P96YD96YT('5P;VX@=&AE


@86YD#0II='


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N



M;65N='

M86YY(&)E('5N86)L92!T;R!C;VYT:6YU90T*87
@82!G;VEN9R!C;VYC97)N





3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
L('=H:6-H(&-O;G1E;7!L871E('1H92!R96%L:7IA









M(S$X



@9&5V;W1E
M9!A('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&%M;W5N=!O9B!T:6UE(&EN('1H92!R86ES:6YG




M=7!O;B!R86ES:6YG(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9'





L('=H:6-H(&-O








M87



@3F5W(%)O



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V





M
30V.W

M:7



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


@=&AA=!M:6=H=!B

M;VYT:6YU90T*87
@82!G;VEN9R!C;VYC97)N+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'-P86X^

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


30V.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E
M;65N='




@9F%I;'5R92X@5&AE#0I#;VUP86YY



L#0IT:&4@0V]M

30V.W

30V.W
@9&%I;'D@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-





T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


@86)I;&ET

M9G)O;2!I='




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`M-#!P=#L@=&5X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@
M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M;&EQ=6ED871I;VX@;V8@;&EA8FEL:71I97



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q.#
[

M97





M9&1I=&EO;F%L(&1E8G0-B`@(!A;F0@97%U:71Y(&9I;F%N8VEN9RX@2&]W

M87


]
M



30V.W
@
M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='






@;F]T(&=E;F5R
M871E9!A;GD-G)E=F5N=65S('-I;F-E(&EN8V5P=&EO;BX@5VAI;&4@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@:7



30V.W

M97

M:68G/B8C







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M($-O;7!A;GD@8F5L:65V97



@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O
M='1O;3H@










M86YY)B

M8V5R;BXF(S$V

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[:7

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V






M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=7-T;65N='




]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@=&AE(')E

M;&EA8FEL:71I97




M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97








@82!G;VEN

@3F5W(%)O


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

@




M86P@9G5N9'





M=&EO;G

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@


@
M9&\@;F]T(&EN8VQU9&4@86YY(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S('1H870@;6EG:'0@8F4@

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!C





Q.#







M;VYT:6YU871I;VX@8V%N(&)E('-T871E9XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O


SL\+V9O;G0^





M=V5V97(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9'



M9'1H.B`Q


'!T)SY4:&4@









38P.SPO=&0^

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q









M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O



T0G9F]N=#H@






L
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N


T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


@:71S(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A;F0@9FEN

M;G


M9G5N9'


M97)A=&EO;G


M;VUP86YY)B




@82!D979E;&]P;65N

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@



M(#`@

@
M;F]T(&=E;F5R871E9!A;GD-G)E=F5N=65S('-I;F-E(&EN8V5P=&EO;BX@
M5VAI;&4@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@871T96UP=&EN9R!T;R!C;VUM96YC92!O



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@










@

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








@871T96UP

M)B


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@




'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY-86YA9V5M


M('-E8W5R:71I97

M/B8C







T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P(#`@



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@86-C;VUP86YY







@
M86YD('5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97



M;GDF(S$T-CMS(&1A:6QY(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N(%1H:7


30V.W
@86)I;&ET

T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M:7
@:&]P:6YG('1O(')A:7-E(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9'

M5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


@86)I






M







M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#LF(S$V

]

M97

'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&%T97






@86YD(&=E

M:71I;VX@:7


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`M-#!P=#L@=&5X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M;CH@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M92!#;VUP86YY)B








T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@










@86YD('5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97
@:6YH97)E;G0@=&\@;F5W




30V.W



30V.W
@

@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

T0G9F]N=#H@





30V.W
@

30V.W




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.PT*)B
Q

T0G9F]N=#H@






M;VUP86YY)B


@

2!A='1A:6X@<')O







@3F5W(%)O


M7V1E8V$R
3`T7S0U.61?-&$S-5]B-V8Q7V%F-31E
#AB
V0W9@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

]
M


M:'

M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

3XR.2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

3XS
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3XS-2!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$T/&)R

S`L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN
M(#



]

]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4T545$Q%

]
T1T97AT




RP@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&9E
M97

M92!S:&5E='





M=&AE('1I;64@9G)A;64@=VAI8V@@=&AE('!L86EN=&EF9@T*:6YI=&EA;&QY

M92!T;R!C;VUP;&5T92!A(')E9VES=')A=&EO;B!S=&%T96UE;G0@;VX@1F]R

U


M
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
2!6:6YT86=E($9I;&EN9W



M(&EN(#(P
3(N(%1H92!C;&%I;2!W87

#$T



M97(@
C`Q-P@)#4P,XP

@97AP


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN
M+6)O='1O;3H@

#@S

M
#`N
#`@=V%S('!A:60@8GD@0U50D\L($EN8RX@=VET:!R97-P96-T('1O


M871E;65N=!O;B!&;W)M(%,M,2!T;R!R86ES92`D,S4P+#`P,X\+W`^/'-P


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


M=FEC97

C`Q






M;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S('-H86QL(&)E('-U9F9I8VEE;G0@=&EM92!T;R!C
M;VUP;&5T92!A(')E9VES=')A=&EO;B!S=&%T96UE;G0@;VX@1F]R;2!3+3$@

U

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M:&EC:`T*:7
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@86-C;W5N='


#`N
#`@=V%S#0IP



]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L





M:7
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@86-C;W5N='

XP,!W87

M($EN8RX@=VET:!R97-P96-T('1O('1H92!J=61G;65N=X@5&AE('!L86EN
M=&EF9B!I;FET:6%L;'D@86=R965D('1O(&1E9F5R('1A:VEN9R!A8W1I;VX@
M=&\@96YF;W)C92!T:&4@:G5D9VUE;G0[(&AO=V5V97(L#0IT:&4@=&EM92!F


@






M+#`X
RP@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&9E97
L('=H:6-H(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&%C






M86QL(&)E('-U9F9I8VEE;G0@=&EM92!T;R!C;VUP;&5T92!A(')E9VES=')A

U



@3F5W



RP@:6YC;'5D:6YG
M(&9E97


M86YC92!S:&5E='







M;VX@=VAI8V@@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5L:65V97




M($-O=7)T(&]F($YE=R!*97)S97D@9F]R)B

M
38P.R0U+#DP

M
#$R+B!4:&4@8VQA:6T@=V%S('-E='1L960@:6X@07!R:6P@

@:6YC;'5D
6EN9R!B86QA;F-E('-H965T<RX@26X@4V5P=&5M
M8F5R(#(P,30L(0U
#`N
#`@=V%S('!A:60@8GD@0U50D\L($EN8RX-G=I



]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@:6YC;'5D
M960@:6X@86-C;W5N='

XP,!W87

M:!R97-P96-T('1O('1H92!J=61G;65N=X@5&AE('!L86EN=&EF9B!I;FET
M:6%L;'D@86=R965D('1O(&1E9F5R('1A:VEN9R!A8W1I;VX@=&\@96YF;W)C



@;V8@;F5G;W1I




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97


#$T


RP@
M:6YC;'5D:6YG(&9E97














30@8GD@5FEN=&%G92!&



M(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97





#1?-#4Y9%\T
M83
U7V(W9C%?868U-&4P.&(S9#=F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V1E8V$R
3`T7S0U.61?-&$S-5]B-V8Q7V%F-31E
#AB
V0W9B]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5904%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S





]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#





M3E1)3D=%3D-)15


2!6:6YT86=E($9I;&EN
M9W


#$R+B!4:&4@8VQA:6T@=V%S('-E='1L960@:6X@07!R:6P@
C`Q
M-!F;W(@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!O9B`D-BPP.#


M($9I;&EN9W



#$R+B!4:&4@8VQA:6T@=V%S('-E='1L960@:6X@07!R
M:6P@
C`Q-!F;W(@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!O9B`D-BPP.#
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!F
M965S+!W:&EC:!W87
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@86-C;W5N='




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97


#$T



3(N(%1H92!C;&%I;2!W87




MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
M
S5?8C=F


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\



]

T0Q/CD@36]N=&AS

M1#$^


C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@









M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-(3U)4+51%4DT@0D]24D]724Y'4RU214Q!5$5$(%!!
M4E19/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M







M:68G/B8C









Q+#PO8CX\8G(@+SX-B`@(`\8CXR
#$R
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q


T0G9F]N=#H@


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8FQA8VL@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE



T0G9F]N=#H@

C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M;&4]


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


M



34E.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M=VEN9W
@87)E(&1U92!O;B!D96UA;F0@=VET:`T*(`@(&YO('-T871E9!I


M



M:6YG(&%T($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M



T0G=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

M93H@

'!T)SX\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF
M(S$V



T0G

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V




38P



M

'!T)SXR







T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M(#(N


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@











#$R+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

S`L(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SXF(S$V


'!T)SX\8CY397!T
M96UB97(@







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF


C`Q


M)B

M)B


2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M:7IE.B`Q

M9'1H.B`Y)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

'!T
M)SXR


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N


M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR

'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

M/3-$












M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-4[


3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\

#$Q+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

M8F]T=&]M.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0P





M/B8C

B!S='EL










M(`@('1H92!#;VUP86YY(8C
34P.R!7:6QL:6%M(%`N($UC1&5R;6ET=#PO

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



@3F5W

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






M


T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@





38P

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



#`E

M

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[









M90T*9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%T($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q





@3F5W(%)O


T0G



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS


P+#PO8CX\8G(@+SX-B`@(`\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R
M:68G/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:68G/B8C



T0G=VED=&@Z


M;F=S(&%R92!D=64@;VX@9&5M86YD('=I=&@-B`@(!N;R!S=&%T960@:6YT







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!A=!397!T96UB97(@,S`L
M(#(P,3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R



T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CY397!T96UB97(@,S`L/]B/CPO9F]N

M
C`Q






6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L


M9!O;B!B96AA;&8@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@)B,Q-3`[(%=I;&QI86T@4X@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q



M93H@
2<^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

24[(&)O


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^
6QE/3-$



'!T
M)SXR





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P


T0G9F]N=#H@


R4[('1E


38P.SPO







M
S`L(#(P


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&5C83(Q
#1?-#4Y9%\T83
U7V(W9C%?868U-&4P.&(S9#=F

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C8@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

@16YD960\+W1H

3XQ-R!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$
3XR

]
M

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#


]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^0T%0251!3!35$]#2R!!0U1)5DE463PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C


#L@;6%R9VEN
M+6)O='1O;3H@

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]








T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SXF(S$V

M

M:7IE.B`Q

2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#$L-S4P+#`P
!S:&%R
M97,@;V8@:71S(0P+C`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('1O('-E

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@



6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5VEN9V1I;F=S)SXF(S$V.#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]




@9F]R


@3F5W(%)O;6%N






T0G=VED=&@Z(#0E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,34E.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU











6UB;VPG/B8C
3@S




T0G=&5X

M




#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Q.#
[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


@





T0G



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

M92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@36%R8V@-B`@(`S
2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7-S=65D(#$L-S4P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@:71S(0P+C`P
2!P87(@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@
M4V5R:68G/B8C

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





#$@



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


T0G9F]N=#H@


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

SL\+V9O


T0G9F]N=#H@


M4V5R:68G/B8C

M
B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS






M;&4]

T0G=&5X




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S



]



#`E

M+!397)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M9B`D



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q


T0G9F]N=#H@




38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@



2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#$L
M-S4P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@:71S(0P+C`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64@8V]M;6]N



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

BPP-3`L
M

@)#`N



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@





M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

-B`@(`M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q


M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



T0G9F]N=#H@


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

SL\+V9O


T0G9F]N=#H@



]



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


30V.W
@07)T:6-L97
@

M








T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T










T0G=&5X

M


M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q










T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\


'!T)SY$
M:79I9&5N9'

@;F5V97(@:7-S=65D(&1I=FED

M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO



38P.SPO=&0^

M/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@4WEM8F]L)SXF(S$X
M,SL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

'!T)SY787)R


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU











6UB;VPG/B8C
3@S
2!H87,@;F5V97(@:7-S=65D(&]P=&EO;G,N/]F

M




3@S.SPO9F]N



38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97

S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP





T0G




T0G



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q+`R,#$Q+!T:&4@

BPP-3`L

@)#`N
#`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


M8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T0G9F]N=#H@


Q.#
[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R




M



M97






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M4V5R:68G/B8C

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




T0G9F]N=#H@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M



@9F]R

X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R

M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@





'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

2P@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7-S=65D(#(L
#4P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@:71S(0P+C`P
2!P87(@
M=F%L=64@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('1O('-E=F5R86P-B`@(!A8V-R961I=&5D


M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUL969T.B`M




T0G9F]N=#H@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

SL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@






M;&4]





M9&EN9RUL969T.B`M


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU

















;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A9C4T93`X8C-D



]



M;'-P86X]
T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L




M;'-P86X]

]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#

M1'1H/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S





T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


Q

M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97


3(N)B


T0G9F]N=#H@






3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

@




M8V@@
S$L(#(P
3(N)B

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M=VED=&@Z(#$P



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q.#
[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



2P-B`@(`R
#$Q




M+#`P






T0G



M97
-B`@(!A;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G








T0G9F]N=#H@
M

Q.#

@




30V.W
@8F%N:R!A
M8V-O=6YT+!W:&EC:!S=7!P;&5M96YT960@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS




C`Q

M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G9F]N=#H@



#$R+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/CQS

M9'1H.B`Q



3$@


M;F0@:7

M:&%R97

M87)T97(@
C`Q
BXF(S$V

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Q.#



M('1H:7


M97)E(&YO;6EN86P@=&AR;W5G:!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
BXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]

M)W=I9'1H.B`R)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V5I=F5D


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

@




M92`S



M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


!I;B!C87-H('1O(&5S=&%B;&ES:`T*(`@('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B




#`L
#`P('-H87)E




T0G=F5R=&EC



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L





M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A9C4T




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C8@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

3XQ-R!-;VYT:'
@

M
3XR

]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN
M(#


]
T1T
M:#Y*=6XN(#


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M3D54($Q/4U


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



M


M(S







M;W(@870@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@:7-S=6%N8V4L(&EF(&QA=&5R*2P-B`@(!A
M;F0@87
@:68@9G5N9'


@





T0P






T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N
M.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

B!S


38P.SPO=&0^




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT


C`Q


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M








2PX







T0G=&5X


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T




M)B





'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C
M





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



Q-C`[


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^




S-#M%87)N:6YG

@;VX@=&AE(&9A8V4@;V8@=&AE

M:&4@8F%S:6
@15!3(&-O;7!U=&%T:6]N('1O('1H90T*;G5M97)A=&]R(&%N



L(&)A




@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A


M=&EO;G









T0G9F]N=#H@


M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

M/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C
38P




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


C`Q



#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R
'0M

3!P




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




RPP
SD\












Q





'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C
38P





M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R






T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@








@

M;VUE('-T871E;65N=!F;W(@86QL(&5N=&ET:65S('=I=&@-F-O;7!L97@@


M87-I8R!%4%

M;F]M:6YA=&]R(&]F('1H92!D:6QU=&5D($504R!C;VUP=71A=&EO;BX@26X@

@







M;W5L9!B92!A;G1I+61I;'5T:79E(AI+F4N(')E9'5C92!T:&4@;F5T(&QO


M=&EV90T*:6YS=')U;65N='

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H-
2<^


M/B8C













2<^)B
Q

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!T

M
'!T)SXH



M9GDG/B8C







'!T






L-S`W+#(Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

@86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I
M9GDG/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@,3!P=<^)#PO

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXH,XP
3`\+V9O


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J







'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M5&]P:6
@

@86YD(&1I;'5T960@
















F(S$V
#MA

@87)E(&YO=!I;F-L=61E9!B96-A=7-E('1H



M
#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

M9'1H.B`Q

M)B






M


M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




T0G=&5X


M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


Q






M:6





RPU
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I
M9GDG/B8C


38P





T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY87-I8R!A;F0@9&EL




'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97



S0[16%R;FEN
M9W

@;VX@=&AE(&9A8V4@;V8@=&AE


@82!R96-O;F-I



@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A




@:68@9G5N9'
@



F(S$V


@87)E(&YO=!I;F-L=61E9!B96-A=7-E('1H92!I;F-L=7-I
M;VX@=V]U;&0@8F4@86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92`H:2YE+B!R961U8V4@=&AE(&YE





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS





M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V




Q



M92`S

T0G


M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

F4Z(#$P<'0G/B@S,RPP,SD\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L



Q-C`[

M)B






M8F%S:6





RPV-C`L-#0P




M




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY87-I8R!A;F0@





'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97







M97





M=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97







#L@=&5X

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]




P+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S






6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#DE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y


T0G

M;&4]



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


38P

M




38P.SPO=&0^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M.B`Q
'!T)SXH

T0G

M.B`Q








]

T0S/C

^-B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$



M86X]




M;'-P86X]
T0Q/C

]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


C`Q

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

C`Q
CQB

#$R

M
C`Q



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^.2X@4U54T51
M545.5!%5D5.5%





@


M:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@=V5R92!A=F%I;&%B;&4@=&\@8F4-






M;V-E9'5R97


M:&4@9&%T92!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@=V5R92!A=F%I;&%B


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P


M






]







T0G9F]N=#H@


30V.W
@;6%N86=E



M
T0G9F]N=#H@






M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




@=V5R92!A=F%I;&%B;&4@=&\@8F4@:7-S=65D+B!4:&5R




]

@

'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`Q-2P@=VAI
M8V@@:7













T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@





@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M87











`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S


@8F5E;B!S

]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


C`Q-2P@=VAI8V@@:7
@=&AE(&1A=&4@=&AE(&9I










'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M07



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A9C4T93`X8C-D-V8O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




T1T;W`^





]
T1T97AT/CQT


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q


M=&@Z(#0E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M

M/3-$







Q+#PO8CX\8G(@+SX-B`@(`\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$Q
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C5P



M/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O






@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@




M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

@

S$L
M(#(P


M97


38P.SPO


M5&EM97



@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M











T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M/C$R+#`P




@3F5W


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@


T0G9F]N=#H@





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

3`T
M7S0U.61?-&$S-5]B-V8Q7V%F-31E
#AB







]




R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@




]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



















]


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@=&5X

@
M9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@


M92!M;VYT:'

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S












M=&AE('EE87(@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SY);B!*=6YE(#(P
30L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9PT*4W1A

Q-#@[*2!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%-T


@96%R;'D@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
2!F


Q-#@[*2X\+W`^#0H-



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@9F]R('1H
M92!T:')E92!M;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
R!A
M;F0@
C`Q

M:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D#0II;B!T:&4@56YI=&5D(%-T871E

M:6YI;VX@;V8-FUA;F%G96UE;G0L('-U8V@@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@8V]N=&%I
M;G,@86QL(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S+!C;VYS:7-T:6YG(&]N;'D@;V8@;F]R;6%L


@



@=&\@8F4@97AP

M:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!*=6YE(#(P
M

M(@F(S$T-SM&05-)B







'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@86-C;VUP86YY


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@=6YA=61I=&5D(&EN=&5R:6T-F9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T
M96UE;G1S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%S(&]F($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
30@86YD



@;V8@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I
M97

F(S$T

M='





M#0IR97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G






30W.T%30R8C
30X.RD@:7-S=65D($%C8V]U;G1I


Q-#@[*0T*



M97%U:7)E;65N='
\+VD^+B!4:&ES($%352!R96UO=F5S#0IT:&4@9&5V96QO





M;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%352`R

M4U4@
C`Q-TQ,!I;B!I='
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@;VX@2F%N


M:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D#0II;B!T:&4@56YI

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:68G/B8C


M92!#;VUP86YY(&%S(&]F($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
3


S`L#0HR
#$S

C`Q
RP@:&%V92!B965N






@


S`L(#(P
3
@87)E


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF
M(S$V


M


30X.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0V]D

30M
3`L

30W.VEN8V5P=&EO;@T*=&\@9&%T928C
30X.R!A;F0@;W1H


M(#(P
30M

M87)Y(#$L(#(P

-F]F($%M97)I8V$@*8C
30W.T=!05`F(S$T


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R
M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

M4V5P=&5M8F5R(#
P+`R,#$T(&%N9`R


@;F]R;6%L;'D@





M960N(%1H92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@9F]R('1H92!T:')E92!A
M;F0@;FEN92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#




M97


M
30L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'




Q-#@[*2`R

@.3$U*3H@16QI



@;VX@2F%N=6%R


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z





30X.RDN

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@



S`L(#(P
3
@

M9`T*4V5P=&5M8F5R(#
P+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

3`@*&EN8V5P=&EO;BD@=&\@4V5P
M=&5M8F5R(#

@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C
M8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@86YD('1H




Q-#@[*2!W


-F]F($%M97)I8V$@9F]R(&%N;G5A;!F:6YA


L

C`Q


@=&\@8F4@97AP96-T960-

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-




Q-#@[

30W.T%3528C
30X.RD@

M9V4@16YT:71I97



#$T

C`Q-TQ,!I;B!I='

2P@


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




38P



@3F5W(%)O

30W.T9!4T(F(S$T


M05-#)B

N(#PO:3Y4


M
30M



#$T+CPO9F]N


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M

M=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D#0II;B!T:&4@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V
#LF(S$V


Q-#@[*2!!8V-O

30W
M.T%3528C
30X.RD@

M:71I97



C`Q-TQ,!I;B!I='

2P@
C`Q-X\+V9O;G0^/]P/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SY4:&4@86-C;VUP86YY(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S#0IH879E(&)E

@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC


30W.T=!



M(S$V





Q








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


30W.T9!4T(F(S$T.#LI($%C8V]U;G1I


Q-#@[*2!I


M928C



M;CH@
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC

M960-FEN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@*8C
30W.T=!





C`Q
R!A

@96YD960@
M2G5N92`S
P-C(P
3
@86YD(#(P

M;VT@3F]V96UB97(@-2P@
C`Q
`H:6YC97!T:6]N*2!T;R!*=6YE(#,P+`R
M

@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H


@;V8@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97
@86YD($5X8VAA;F=E($-O


M=&%T97


C`Q


@=&\@8F4@97AP96-T960@9F]R(&9U='5R92!Q=6%R=&5R

2P@
C`Q
RX\





'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


30W.T%30R8C






M)B

@96%R


]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B

T0G9F]N=#H@


M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87
@;V8@4V5P
M=&5M8F5R(#



C`Q
RP@:&%V92!B965N('!R


@86YD(')E9W5L871I;VYS(&]F('1H




S$L(#(P
3

T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M=&%N9&%R9'
@57!D871E(@F(S$T-SM!4U4F(S$T.#LI(#(P,30M,3`L(#QI
M/D1E=F5L;W!M96YT(%-T86=E($5N=&ET:65S(A4;W!I8R`Y
34I.B!%;&EM


@05-5(')E;6]V97
@=&AE(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT

@

M8V4@=VET:!!4U4@,C`Q-TQ


M='







]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@0V]M









'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;!L:7%U:60-FEN=F5S=&UE;G1S('=I=&@@86X@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I




T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



@








]

M5&EM97

M
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M
`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@0V]M














]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@


@=VET

@;W(@;&5S






M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF
M(S$V


M4T
@4V5C=&EO;B`V


M(&1E=&5R;6EN86)L92!A;F0@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@:7



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@






L(&1E



]

@3F5W(%)O








M;CH@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


]
T1T97AT/CQP






T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M=6%N=!T;R!&05-($%30R!396-T:6]N(#8P-2P@/&D^4F5V96YU92!296-O




M;CH@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


]
T1T97AT/CQP





M86EL(&]U=&QE='

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

#4L(#QI/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-






Q-#@[*2`V
M

M87

M92!A;F0@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@:7



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M5&AE#0I#;VUP86YY(&EN=&5N9'
@=&\@9V5N97)A=&4@:71S(')E=F5N=64@




'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@




Q-#@[*2!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%-T86YD


M=7)R960L('1H92!F964@:7



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

M97

'!T




30X.RD@06-C
M;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'


@;V-C=7)R960L('1H92!F964@:7
@9FEX960@;W(@9&5T97)M
M:6YA8FQE#0IA;F0@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@:7



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@



M(#`@


L(&1E;&EV97)Y


]
T1T


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\




M86)L92!A;F0@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@:7



T0G9F]N=#H@





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@

@

M($%30R`V



M;6EN86)L92!A;F0@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@:7



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

T0G9F]N=#H@

@




T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

T0G9F]N=#H@




M)B



@9FEX

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V


T1T


Q

@82!R961U8W1I;VX@=&\@=&AE#0IC87)R


M;VX@9F5A='5R97
L('=H:6-H(&ES(&-R961I=&5D('1O#0IA9&1I=&EO;F%L



@


M

M:3XN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9'








M(#QI/D1E8G0@)B
Q-3`[($1E8G0@=VET:!#;VYV97)S:6]N(&%N9!/=&AE

@82!R961U8W1I;VX@



L('=H:6-H(&ES(&-R961I=&5D('1O


M8FQE(&1E8G0@:7


M+`\:3Y$96)T(8C


@82!B96YE9FEC




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-3`[($1E8G0@

M92`H)B



M97




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M($%30R`T-S`L(#QI/D1E8G0@)B



Q


@870@9FEX960@;W(@


M='



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&5R($]P=&EO;G
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9'
@82!B96YE9FEC:6%L







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@






@


M8V-O=6YT960@9F]R('5N9&5R($9!4T(@05-#(#0W
P@/&D^1&5B=`F(S$U
M












L(&EF






M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

30W.T)#1B8C
30X






@=F%L=64@

L('=H:6-H(&ES(&-R961I=&5D

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


30W
M.T)#1B8C

2!W:&5N(&ES<W5E9X@5&AE($)#1B!F;W(@=&AE(&-O;G9E<G1I8FQE(&EN


]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY#;VYV97)T:6)L92!D96)T(&ES(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(-
MG5N9&5R($9!4T(@05-#(#0W
P@/&D^1&5B=`F(S$U









]
T1T


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

N(%1H92!#;VUP
M86YY(')E8V]R9'






M;G1R:6YS:6

L('=H
M:6-H(&ES(&-R961I=&5D#0IT;R!A9&1I=&EO;F%L('!A:60M:6XM8V%P:71A

]
T1P

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

30W.T9$24

M
C4P+#`P






M='

M1$E#)B

@)#(U



@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!O9B!R:7-K




M(S$V


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M
30W.T9$24

C4P+#`P



M;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;B!T;R!L:6UI
M=!I='


@;F]T('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&1U



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G9F]N=#H@



30W.T9$24
F(S$T.#LI




@;V8@=&AE($9$
M24



M8V%N=!D=64@=&\@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=')E;F=T:!O9@T*=&AE(&9I
M;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G
@=71I;&EZ960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN

M)B





M36%N86=E;65N=`T*8F5L:65V97





Q-#@[*2!C;W9E

@)#(U

S`L(#(P
3
@86YD
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M24





'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'0G/CQF;VYT


Q-#@[*2!C;W9E









-



@;VYG;VEN9R!E=F%L=6%T:6]N(&]F
M('1H:7

@8V]N

M=F5S('1H:7




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@



M


@=VAI8V@@=V5R

@;V8@=&AE($9$24


@;VYG;VEN9R!E=F%L=6%T:6]N(&]F('1H:7
@


M:7





M;W)P;W)A=&EO;B`H)B

30X.RD@8V]V97)S#0HD
C4P+#`P
M




M;CH@


M=&EO;B`H)B








]

M5&EM97

M
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2!A8V-O





@;F]T('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&1U92!T;R!T:&4@9FEN






M;W)P;W)A=&EO;B`H)B



M97


@;VYG;VEN9R!E=F%L=6%T
M:6]N(&]F('1H:7


M(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H:7



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@



30W.T9$24
F(S$T.#LI(&-O


#$S(&%N


M8F5L:65V97

M=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=')E;F=T:!O9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L#0II;G-T
M:71U=&EO;G


]


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@=&5X


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N






@9F]R('1H;W-E(&1I9F9E



M;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3




M=&AE:7(@8F5N969I='


#



M($%30R`W-#`M
3`M






@:6X@=&AE('!R;V-E


#$S+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L










S$L(#(P
3
@
M86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#

@97-T86)L

#

#LF(S$V



M($%30R`W-#`M
3`M




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


@;V8-

#$R



M;B!T:&4@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG('-T871E;65N='



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O
M;3H@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E







@9F]R('1H;W-E(&1I




2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&5S=&%B
M;&ES:&5D(&9U;&P@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
@86=A:6YS=`T*:71S




C`S-X\+W`^#0H-CQP


T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

M0B!!4T



M;F-O;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H-





M
2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

M:6QE9P-G=I;&P@86QL(&)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@97AA;6EN871I;VX@8GD@







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^



@9F]R

@-S0P

M96YC97
@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@8F%S:7

M97



M92X@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
@87)E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D('=H96X@




C`Q

#
S+CPO9F]N










@

C`Q
`H:6YC
M97!T:6]N*2!T;R!*=6YE(#,P+`R




M97









T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M
#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S#0IR97!R97-E;G0@=&AE(&9U='5R92!T




M(&9U='5R92!T87AA8FQE#0II;F-O;64N(%9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V5S


@9&5F97)R960@=&%X






M;W-S97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M
#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

@



M=&%X(')E='5R;G

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V





2P@
C`Q
M
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q







@

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M='

M4T

M9&EF9F5R96YC97
@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@8F%S:7


M8FEL:71I97



M(&EN8V]M92X@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
@87)E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D





L(&1U92!T;R!T:&4@=6YC97)T

M.3@L

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M




3`M



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@





@

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3(@86YD(#(P










T0G9F]N=#H@


@



6QE/3-$





L('=H:6-H





#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!T



2P@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(#4L(#(P
3`@*&EN8V5P=&EO;BD@=&\@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L('1H



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M




@3F5W(%)O;6%N







@86YD(&QI86)I


M(&%R92!A;'-O(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97
@=&AA

@=&\@

M(#

2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@
M:&%S(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D(&9U;&P@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
@86=A


S$L(#(P
30L
2`D
3`S+#`P


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

3`M



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M:&5N(&9I;&5D+!W:6QL(&%L;!B92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&5X86UI;F%T:6]N
M(&)Y('1H92!T87@@875T:&]R:71I97



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@




M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET

@9F]R




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&5S=&%B
M;&ES:&5D(&9U;&P@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97


S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S

3`M


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P
M(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@








@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M(#(P





T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F]T






'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M97








2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D(&9U;&P@=F%L=6%T
M:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97


M070@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P



3`M
C4N



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M


M;GD@:7


@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$N#0I&;W(@=&AE('!E



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

M

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M='
@9F]R(&EN8V]M90T*=&%X97
@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($9!4T(@


@

M9&EF9F5R96YC97




M8FEL:71I97

M=&%X97

@97-T86)L:7-H960@

M8V@-C,Q+`R




S$L(#(P
M
3


@3F5W(%)O


Q-C`[)B
Q





M92!T86ME;B!I;B!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M=F4@97AP96YS97

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G


]

@

'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





N


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!R



C`Q
R!A
M;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P




M=&AE:7(@8F5N969I='
N($%T($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
3




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P
M.R8C



M
3`M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:68G/B8C





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$N#0I&;W(@

C`Q




M9R!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G








6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97



M;&EA8FEL:71I97


L('=H:6-H('=I;&P@96ET:&5R




C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L



N($%T(%-E

P-C(P
3

#

M;CH@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N










@3F5W(%)O

M;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G

M97(@-2P@
C`Q












@3F5W(%)O


@








@97-T86)L:7-H

2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A


C`S



M97

'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97










'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M
3`@*&EN8V5P=&EO;BD@=&\@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP











'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
M






34P.R!);G!U='
@


M='
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@








N(%=H96X@:6YP=71S('5S960@=&\@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='

N


2P@
C`Q
RP@

M;65N='






T0G9F]N=#H@



@82!H:65R87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN
M:7%U97
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!W:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='

M=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97


@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@



M(S$V


#L@56YA9&IU

M='


T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

34P.R!);G!U='

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P
M(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@








M=70@=&AA=`T*:7













]

@3F5W(%)O


@82!H:65R
M87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!W:&5T
M:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='

@







@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


M(#



M96%S=7)E;65N='

@3F5W(%)O;6%N







M:6YP=70@=&AA=`T*:7





M
T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@




P+`R,#$T(&%N9!$

2P@
C`Q

M92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='





T0G9F]N=#H@


@
M82!H:65R87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97
@8F%S960@=7!O
M;B!W:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='

M;FEQ=65S(')E9FQE8W0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G




@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M




M;CH@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M='

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P
M(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





@;W(@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N





M5VAE;B!I;G!U='



M;!I;G!U=!T:&%T(&ES('-I9VYI9FEC86YT('1O('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E



T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G
M9F]N=#H@






2P@
M
C`Q







]

@3F5W


@82!H
M:65R87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!W
M:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='

M97








@86YD(&QI86)I

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


M=F5L(#



M92!M96%S=7)E;65N='

@3F5W(%)O







M96P@:6YP=70@=&AA=`T*:7




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





S`L(#(P
M
30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#









M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^





T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@26YP=71S










M








'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
M
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S











M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

979E;`T*
2!);G!U
M='
@)B

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&EN(&%N(&%C=&EV



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

979E;`T*
B!);G!U='
@)B



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O
M='1O;3H@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

MC,@26YP=71S(8C
34P.R!);G!U='




T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M





M:7





6QE/3-$


M97


@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97

@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

@;V8@



6%B;&4@:7
@


]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






3H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*#0H\<!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
M
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S


M87

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N


M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@

`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#@R

M=7)E;65N='

M86QU92!F86QL('=I=&AI;B!D:69F97)E;G0@;&5V96QS(&]F('1H92!H:65R



N(%9A;'5A=&EO;B!T96-H;FEQ=65S

M5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

2!A<W-E
M='
@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD
M(#(P



@

6%B;&4@:7



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@



@:6X@86X@86-T:79E

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34P.R!);G!U='
@;W1H


@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

@

M=7)E;65N='




T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L





N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R
M,#$R(&%N9`R





'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@



@:6X@86X@86-T:79E

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34P.R!);G!U='
@;W1H


@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

@

M=7)E;65N='




T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L





N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R
M,#$R(&%N9`R





'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@



@:6X@86X@86-T:79E

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34P.R!);G!U='
@;W1H


@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

@

M=7)E;65N='




T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L







2P@
C`Q

M9B!T:&5S92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M


M:69I97
@82!H:65R87)C:'D@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97
@8F%S
M960@=7!O;B!W:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;G!U='

M#0IT96-H;FEQ=65S(')E9FQE8W0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@;W1H97(@;6%R:V5T




@

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P(#`@










@3F5W

@:6X@86-T:79E


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@




@;W(@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P


@.#(P







@=7-E

M='

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





P+`R,#$S(&%N9!$96-E;6)E

2P@
C`Q






]

M97

'!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;G!U='

3H\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*#0H\<!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:68G/B8C





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-



M-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97







T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`M-#!P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

`P(#!P=#L@=&5X=UA

T0G9F]N=#H@


N

M('=I=&AI;B!D:69F97)E;G0@;&5V96QS(&]F('1H92!H:65R87)C:'DL('1H


M92!M96%S=7)E;65N='
N(%9A;'5A=&EO;B!T96-H;FEQ=65S('5S960@;F5E

@3F5W

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(#`@

2!A<W-E='
@;W(@;&EA
M8FEL:71I97


@;V8@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#
P+`R,#$S(&%N9!$96-E;6)E

2P@
C`Q




@










M(#`@
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

979E
M;`T*
2!);G!U='
@)B

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&EN


@


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

979E;`T*
B!);G!U='
@)B




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

34P.R!);G!U='
@8F%S960@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O




M;G0@:7








N($YO;BUD97)I=F%T
M:79E#0IF:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='



]


]

@3F5W(%)O


M('1O(&UA:V4@97-T:6UA=&5S#0IA;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

M8FEL:71I97

M('-T871E;65N='


M;6%T97


]

@3F5W(%)O

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L

M871E;65N='
-FEN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC
M:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S







@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N9!D
M:7-C;&]S=7)E(&]F(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B:6QI=&EE

M97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G9F]N=#H@





]
T1T97AT


M=&%T97

M97-T:6UA=&5S#0IA;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

@

M='



]
T1T97AT


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N




T0G9F]N=#H@





]
T1T97AT/CQP


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M;6%T97










'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(TT
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



@;V8@87-S971S(&%N


@;V8@








@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N9!D
M:7-C;&]S=7)E(&]F(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B:6QI=&EE

M97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G9F]N=#H@





]
T1T97AT


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T

-
MFEN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N
M97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I




M='

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D

M=&5D(&%M;W5N='




]


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
M

@4&5R(%-H87)E

Q-#@[*2X@

@;V8@05-#(#(V
!A;F0@4T%(#DX+!B
M87-I8R!N970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&ES#0IC


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD:6YG#0ID

M8VQU9&5S('1H92!E9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL=71I=F4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q


@


M=&5S(&YE=!I;F-O;64-BAL;W-S*2!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&EN(&%C

M:&%R93PO:3X@*8C,30W.T%30R`R-C`F(S$T.#LI(&%N9!314
@4W1A9F8@



@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A


M8VL@97%U:79A;&5N='

M:R!A;F0@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&]P.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y


@
C8P

@
C8P)B
Q










T0G9F]N=#H@


30W.T%30R`R


@





@=&AE(&5F9F5C

L(&-O



@4W1A9F8@06-C



@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@


M97%U:79A;&5N='

M;F0@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M16%R;FEN9W

30X.RD-
MF%N9!314
@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!=6QL971I;B!.;RX@.3@@*8C
M


I('!E










T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5T(&EN


M:71H($9!4T(@05-#(#(V
P@/&D^16%R;FEN9W,@4&5R(%-H87)E/]I/B`H
M)B

8C,30X.RD@86YD(%-%0R!3=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG
M#0I=6QL971I;B!.;RX@.3@@*8C,30W.U-!0B`Y.8C
30X.RDN(%5N9&5R








M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M16%R;FEN9W

30X.RD-
MF%N9!314
@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!=6QL971I;B!.;RX@.3@@*8C
M











M92!W:71H($9!4T(@05-#(#(V
P@/&D^16%R;FEN9W,@4&5R(%-H87)E/]I
M/B`H)B

8C,30X.RD-F%N9!314,@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N
M=&EN9R!=6QL971I;B!.;RX@.3@@*8C,30W.U-!0B`Y.8C
30X.RDN(%5N










]
T1T


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J


M4T
@

@
M
C8P)B







M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@




M:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($9!4T(@05-#(#(V
P@/&D^16%R;FEN9W,@
M4&5R(%-H87)E/]I/B`H)B

8C,30X.RD@86YD(%-%0R!3
M=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG#0I=6QL971I;B!.;RX@.3@@*8C,30W.U-!0B`Y
M.8C




M=&%N9&EN9PT*9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0N($1I;'5T960@:6YC;VUE('!E







`P(#`@,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S



@
M

@
C8P
M)B
Q-#@[*0T*86YD(%-%0R!3=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN($YO


M;G
@;V8@05-#(#(V











]

@3F5W

'!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M87)E(&EN8VQU9&5S('1H92!E9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL=71I=F4@8V]M;6]N('-T

M(&]P=&EO;G





@;F5T(&EN8V]M92`H;&]S

M4T
@

@
M
C8P)B
Q-#@[*0T*86YD(%-%0R!3=&%F9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN

Q-#@[*2X@56YD97(@=&AE('!R;W9I

@;V8@05-#(#(V





30V.W






M='



]




M(&EN($9!4T(@05-#(#DQ-2P@/&D^06-C;W5N=&EN9R!A;F0@4F5P;W)T:6YG

M1D%30B!!4T
@.3$U+!C97)T86EN#0IA9&1I=&EO;F%L(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V0@9G)O;2!I;F-E




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97








6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97















'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G9F]N=#H@




@9&5F:6YE9!I;B!&05-($%30R`Y
34L(#QI/D%C8V]U







@=&AE(&1E9FEN

M;F-I86P@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@:7




]

M5&EM97

M

@8F5E
M;B!D979O=&EN9R!M;W-T#0IO9B!I='





T0G9F]N=#H@










@=&AE(&1E9FEN




3`T7S0U.61?-&$S-5]B
M-V8Q7V%F-31E
#AB






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

14=!3!%6%!%3E-%(A486)L97
I/&)R/CPO


]






T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#$Q+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE

M.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97









38P




M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C







T0G9F]N=#H@



M9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8VL@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE



T0G9F]N=#H@


M4V5R:68G/B8C

T0G

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




38P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L


M=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


#L@
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@


'0O:'1M;#L@


]

M97

]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S





]


3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P





'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:68G/B8C









Q+#PO8CX\8G(@+SX-B`@(`\8CXR
#$R
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q


T0G9F]N=#H@


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8FQA8VL@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE



T0G9F]N=#H@

C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M;&4]


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


T0G9F]N=#H@









T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\+W`^

M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q






M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CXR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF
M(S$V


'!T)SX\8CY$96-E;6)E


M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SX\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R
'0M

3!P



24[
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

T0G9F]N

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@





'0M

3!P


'!T)SXR

Q




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M8F5R(#

2P@
C`Q



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


P+#PO



F4Z(#$P<'0G/CQB/C(P
M








38P.SPO=&0^



T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z










T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY43U1!3#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L











#1?-#4Y9%\T
M83

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4U


M

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


]


]


]

]
T1P



T0G9F]N=#H@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT





M;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/&9O;G0@


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N
M.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

B!S

'!T

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CXR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G

'!T



M;&4]

M:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R
'0M

3!P


M9&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS










M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@,3!P=<^*3PO9F]N=#X\

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



#`E)SX-


Q-C`[






M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R





M)B



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N


2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT


2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O











#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@




'!T)SXH




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

P

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@






M:#H@.#DE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R




'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX-




'0M


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M





'!T)SXH





#1?-#4Y9%\T
M83

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$







T0Q/C
@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L


S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]


M(&9E97





M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D96-A,C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A,S5?8C=F
M,5]A9C4T93`X8C-D-V8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M9&5C83(Q
#1?-#4Y9%\T83

M='
O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



M97

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A9C4T93`X8C-D-V8O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



T0Q



]




C`Q


C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@


#$S/&)R/CPO

C`Q
3QB

#$T

S`L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P

M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



































M;G5M/B0@*#$Q+#@U

]




]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P
M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L

]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-3`X+#
S


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M.#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P
M


]
T1N=6UP/C


T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@86YD(&1I;'5T960@
M96%R;FEN9W












M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N




]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



]



]




M;'-P86X]

T0Q/C


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$S

M
C`Q


C`Q

]






















M/D]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#@L





BPP



M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`R+#`P





]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@.3(L



BPP





M97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97





]
T1T97AT/C(P
S

#

C`S


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C(L
3$X

M
BPU.3


M/3-$=&]P/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#`P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`P


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$R+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#4P


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#`P
M





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$R
M+#`P





M+#4P

]

]


C`L
M

S`L



C0L




3@L
M

]
T1T



]

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^26YV97-T;W(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`P+#`P







]



]


]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('-O;&0\+W1D



#`L
#`P/'-P





3`P+#`P




3`T7S0U
M.61?-&$S-5]B-V8Q7V%F-31E
#AB







]


M;'


T0Q/CD@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

3(@









]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`P/'-P


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A


T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O





#$T/&)R/CPO

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P

M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@L



M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A9C4T93`X8C-D-V8O





]






T0Q/CPO=&@^


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


#$T/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C`Q


C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P
M

#`L

#`P+#`P






]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


#`L

#`P+#`P






]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P

]
T1R;SX-


















]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@













M4&%R=%]D96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@
M0ED@4D5


R!-;VYT:'



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@












]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
M96-A
C$P-%\T-3ED7S1A
S5?8C=F
5]A9C4T93`X8C-D-V8O5V]R:W-H965T



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




R\S
2\R
#$Q
M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M
R\S
2\R
#$Q/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^
R\S
2\R
#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^-B\S
\R,#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T

S`O


















M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S

















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P/'-P

BPP
M






]


]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P

]
M

]
M

]





]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T









]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



&UL('AM;&YS.F\],T0B
M=7)N.G-C:&5M87,M;6EC<F]S;V9T+6-O;3IO9F9I8V4Z;V9F:6-E(CX-B`\

T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T

C
3`T7S0U.61?-&$S-5]B-V8Q7V%F-31E
#AB
V0W9BTM#0H`
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 103
000
$ 88
000
        
        
$ 104
000
$ 92
000
        
$ 105
000
$ 98
000
$ 107
000
$ 102
000
$ 84
000
        
        
$ 84
000
$ 88
000
$ 92
000
$ 98
000
$ 102
000
$ 107
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
643
        
1
643
1
643
2
118
2
593
        


        
18
000
27
000
12
000
        
18
000
24
000
        
17
500
19
500
17
000
18
000
30
000
        
12
000
30
000
27
000
24
000
19
500
18
000
17
000
        


        
        
        
$ (12
000)
        
        
$ 6
000
        
        
$ 10
500
$ 1
000
$ 12
000
$ (30
000)
        
$ (20
000)
$ (30
000)
$ (27
000)
$ (24
000)
$ (19
500)
$ (18
000)
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


































































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ (11
850)
        
        
        
        
        
$ (33
039)
        
        
        
$ (37
543)
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
216
667
        
        
        
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
508
333
        
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
605
556
        
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
654
167
85
068


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2012

          



 2011

          



        
3
800
000
3
800
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
500
000
500
000


        
        
        


        
100
000
100
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        


prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).


of the Company as of March 31
 2014 and for the three months period ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of
the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for
annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for
the three months ended March 31
 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the
year ending December 31
 2014.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.




from the sale of products traditional retail outlets.


to FASB ASC Section 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the
fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;)
related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when
issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the
convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially all
depository accounts. At March 31
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.
The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes
this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.




accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis
of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future
tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered
or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March 31
 2014
and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating
losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2014
 the Company had approximately $103
000 of unused
operating losses expiring through 2034.


ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in a two-step
process.


and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
 will
all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.




common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
(&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted
net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels
of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs.


liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments include
cash and payables. As of March 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.

Basis
of Accounting and Presentation

The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of March 31
 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013
and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and
footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements.
In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have
cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution
to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of
the financial institution utilized by the Company.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Income
Taxes

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
the Company had approximately $88
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

Earnings
(Loss) per Share

The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are
excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial
instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded
at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.

Development
Stage Enterprise

The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
        


prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).


of the Company as of June 30
 2014 and for the three and six months period ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all
of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for
the three and six months ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters
or for the year ending December 31
 2014.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.




from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.


to FASB ASC Section 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the
fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;)
related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when
issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the
convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially all
depository accounts. At June 30
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.
The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes
this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.




accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis
of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future
tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered
or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At June 30
 2014
and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating
losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2014
 the Company had approximately $104
000 of unused
operating losses expiring through 2034.


ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in a two-step
process.


and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
 will
all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.




common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
(&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted
net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels
of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs.


liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments include
cash and payables. As of June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their
fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated
fair value.

Basis
of Accounting and Presentation

The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of June 30
 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and
footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements.
In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended
June 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December
31
 2013.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
 The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have
cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution
to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of
the financial institutions utilized by the Company.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Income
Taxes

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
the Company had approximately $92
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing
fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1



Earnings
(Loss) per Share

The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are
excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial
instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded
at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.

Development
Stage Enterprise

The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
        


prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).


of the Company as of September 30
 2014 and for the three and nine months period ended September 30
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not
include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2014.


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.




from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.


to FASB ASC Section 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the
fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;)
related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when
issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the
convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.


a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially all
depository accounts. At September 30
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.
The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes
this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.




accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis
of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future
tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered
or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30
2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally
for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
 2014
 the Company had approximately
$105
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.


ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in a two-step
process.


and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
 will
all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.




common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
(&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted
net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels
of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs.


liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments include
cash and payables. As of September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.

Basis
of Accounting and Presentation

The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of September 30
 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended
September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not
include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results
of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
 The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not
have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial
institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial
strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Income
Taxes

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
2013
 the Company had approximately $98
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.


Earnings
(Loss) per Share

The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are
excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these
financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is
recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.

Development
Stage Enterprise

The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
        


prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.




from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.


to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is
fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




ASC 470
 Debt &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;)
related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when
issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the
convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially all
depository accounts. At December 31
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.
The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes
this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.




and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis
of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future
tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered
or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
2014 and 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating
losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2014
 the Company had approximately $107
000 of unused
operating losses expiring through 2034.


ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in a two-step
process.


and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012. For the period from November 5
2010 (inception) to December 31
 2014
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest
of $2
593 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels
of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs.


liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments include
cash and payables. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair
values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated
fair value.




accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted
net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

        


prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).


 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.




from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.


to FASB ACS 605 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed
or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




ASC 470
 Debt &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;)
related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when
issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the
convertible instrument equal to the Relative Fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.




a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially all
depository accounts. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance
limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management
believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.




and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


with FASB ASC 740
 Income Taxes
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets
and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences
for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred
taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established
when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company
has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty
in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $102
000 of unused operating losses expiring through
2033.


ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in a two-step
process.


and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. For the period from November 5
2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest
of $2
118 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels
of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs.


liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments include
cash and payables. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their fair
values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated
fair value.




accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation of diluted
net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as
defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional
financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company to the
current balance sheet date.
Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards
Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has
occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company did not have cash balances
which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit
its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial
institutions utilized by the Company.

Income
Taxes

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company
had approximately $84
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2032.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying values of these financial instruments
approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The
carrying amount approximated fair value.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Earnings
(Loss) per Share

The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#146;s common
stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

Development
Stage Enterprise

The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards
Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has
occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company did not have cash balances
which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit
its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial
institutions utilized by the Company.

Income
Taxes

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company
had approximately $84
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2032.


The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying values of these financial instruments
approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The
carrying amount approximated fair value.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Earnings
(Loss) per Share

The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#146;s common
stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

Development
Stage Enterprise

The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
        


have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&#147;GAAP&#148;).


statements of the Company as of March 31
 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period
from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;)
which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of
management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation
of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2013 are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.




its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.


pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the
fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional
paid-in-capital.




at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of
the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk
exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institution utilized
by the Company.




in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences
between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities
are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.
Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March
31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally
for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $88
000
of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.


of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in
a two-step process.


preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. For the period from November
5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest
of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.




of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage
Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain
additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company
to the current balance sheet date.
        


have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&#147;GAAP&#148;).


statements of the Company as of June 30
 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the
period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;)
which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of
management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation
of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30
 2013 are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.




investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.




its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.


pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the
fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




under FASB ASC 470
 The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional
paid-in-capital.




at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of
the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk
exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized
by the Company.




in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences
between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities
are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At June
30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally
for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
 the Company had approximately $92
000
of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.


of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in
a two-step process.


preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. For the period from November
5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest
of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.




(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.




of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage
Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain
additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company
to the current balance sheet date.
Basis
of Accounting and Presentation

The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of September 30
 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended
September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not
include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results
of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
 The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not
have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial
institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial
strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Income
Taxes

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
2013
 the Company had approximately $98
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.


Earnings
(Loss) per Share

The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are
excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these
financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is
recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.

Development
Stage Enterprise

The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards
Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has
occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
 Debt &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances
which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit
its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial
institutions utilized by the Company.

Income
Taxes

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2013
 the Company
had approximately $102
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and
2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise
tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $2
118 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments
approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The
carrying amount approximated fair value.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Earnings
(Loss) per Share

The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#146;s common
stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

Development
Stage Enterprise

The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 17
000
$ 17
500
$ 18
000
$ 18
000
$ 18
000
$ 19
500
$ 24
000
$ 27
000
$ 30
000
        
        
$ 12
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 5
053
$ 14
242
$ 20
592


        
17
000
17
500
18
000
18
000
18
000
19
500
24
000
27
000
30
000
        
        
12
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
053
26
242
20
592


        
17
000
17
500
18
000
18
000
18
000
19
500
24
000
27
000
30
051
        
5
053
26
242
20
592


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
37
265
34
890
34
390
33
390
32
390
30
325
28
825
27
825
26
825
        
        
        
        


        
37
265
34
890
34
390
33
390
32
390
30
325
28
825
27
825
26
825
        
        
        
        


        
50
000
50
000
50
000
50
000
50
000
50
000
50
000
50
000
50
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
3
800
2
050


        
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
34
200
18
450


        
(108
265)
(105
390)
(104
390)
(103
390)
(102
390)
(98
825)
(92
825)
(88
825)
(84
774)
(37
651)
(33
147)
(11
958)
        


        
(70
265)
(67
390)
(66
390)
(65
390)
(64
390)
(60
825)
(54
825)
(50
825)
(46
774)
        
4
853
26
042
20
392


        
$ 17
000
$ 17
500
$ 18
000
$ 18
000
$ 18
000
$ 19
500
$ 24
000
$ 27
000
$ 30
051
        
$ 5
053
$ 26
242
$ 20
592




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


































































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ (4
051)
$ (4
504)
$ (21
189)
$ (11
850)
        
$ (8
051)
$ (33
039)
        
$ (3
000)
$ (14
051)
$ (37
543)
        
$ (5
875)
$ (17
616)
$ (84
666)
        
$ (11
958)
$ (33
147)
$ (37
651)
$ (84
774)
$ (88
825)
$ (92
825)
$ (98
825)
$ (102
390)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
8
000
        
        
20
000
        
        
        
20
000
        
        
        
        
        
8
000
20
000
20
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
000
        
        
(20
000)
        
        
(20
000)
        
        
        
(20
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
(20
000)
(20
000)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
(12
000)
        
6
000
        
        
        
10
500
        
        
1
000
12
000
(30
000)
        
(20
000)
        
        
(30
000)
(27
000)
(24
000)
(19
500)
(18
000)


        
1
000
        
        
        
        
2
000
        
        
2
500
3
500
        
        
4
875
5
565
26
625
        
        
        
        
26
825
27
825
28
825
30
325
32
390


        
        
        
        
(23
850)
        
        
(33
039)
        
        
        
(37
543)
        
        
        
(88
041)
        
(23
958)
(33
147)
(37
651)
(87
949)
(88
000)
(88
000)
(88
000)
(88
000)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
17
500
        
        
17
500
        
        
        
17
500
        
        
        
17
500
20
500
38
000
38
000
38
000
38
000
38
000
38
000
38
000
38
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
50
000
        
        
        
        
50
000
50
000
50
000
50
000
50
000


        
        
        
        
17
500
        
        
17
500
        
        
        
17
500
        
        
        
67
500
20
500
38
200
38
200
38
200
88
000
88
000
88
000
88
000
88
000


        
        
        
        
(6
350)
        
        
(15
539)
        
        
        
(20
043)
        
        
        
(20
541)
20
592
14
242
5
053
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of period
        
5
053
14
242
20
592
        
        
20
592
        
        
        
20
592
        
        
        
20
592
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of period
        
        
5
053
14
242
        
        
5
053
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
20
592
14
242
5
053
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
The accompany financial statements
have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&#147;GAAP&#148;).


financial statements of the Company as of March 31
 2014 and for the three months period ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they
do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results
of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future
quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2014.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.
The accompany financial statements
have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&#147;GAAP&#148;).


statements of the Company as of March 31
 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period
from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;)
which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of
management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation
of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2013 are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.
The accompany financial statements
have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&#147;GAAP&#148;).


financial statements of the Company as of June 30
 2014 and for the three and six months period ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The
results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results
to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2014.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.
The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of June 30
 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and
footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements.
In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended
June 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December
31
 2013.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.
The accompany financial
statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of September 30
 2014 and for the three and nine months period ended
September 30
 2014 and 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim
financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information
contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for
the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2014 are not necessarily indicative
of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2014.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued
Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Reporting Requirements. 
date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial
statements on January 1
 2014.
The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of September 30
 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended
September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not
include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results
of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.
The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued
Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Reporting Requirements. 
date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial
statements on January 1
 2014.
The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.
        
        
The accompany financial statements
have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&#147;GAAP&#148;).


statements of the Company as of March 31
 2013 and for the three months periods ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period
from November 5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;)
which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and footnotes normally required
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of
management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation
of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31
 2013 are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;)
2014-10
. This ASU removes
the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminates the &#147;inception to date&#148; and other related disclosures.
The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
 2014.
The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of June 30
 2013 and for the three and six month periods ended June 30
2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not include all of the information and
footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for annual financial statements.
In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the three and six months ended
June 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future quarters or for the year ending December
31
 2013.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.
The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

The
unaudited interim financial statements of the Company as of September 30
 2013 and for the three and nine month periods ended
September 30
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) which apply to interim financial statements. Accordingly
 they do not
include all of the information and footnotes normally required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management
 such information contains all adjustments
 consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results
of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30
 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for future quarters or for the year ending December 31
 2013.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) 2014-10

Financial Reporting Requirements
to date&#148; and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 has early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its
financial statements on January 1
 2014.
        


        
The Company considers all liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
The Company considers all liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
The Company considers all liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
The Company considers all liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.
The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.
The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.
The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.
The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.
The Company considers all liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
The Company considers all liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
The Company considers all liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
The Company considers all liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.


        
The Company intends to generate
its revenue from the sale of products traditional retail outlets.


pursuant to FASB ASC Section 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The Company intends to generate
its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.


pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the
fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The Company intends to generate
its revenue from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.


pursuant to FASB ASC Section 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The
Company intends to generate its revenue from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC Section 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of
arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The
Company intends to generate its revenue from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards
Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has
occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards
Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has
occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The Company intends to generate
its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.


pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605

 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable
and collectability is reasonably assured.
The Company intends to generate
its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.


pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the
fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The Company intends to generate
its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.


pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the
fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.
The
Company intends to generate its revenue from products to be sold to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards
Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has
occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.



        
Convertible debt is accounted for
under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to
additional paid-in-capital.
Convertible debt is accounted for
under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional
paid-in-capital.
Convertible debt is accounted for
under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited to
additional paid-in-capital.
Convertible debt is accounted for
under FASB ASC 470
 The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional
paid-in-capital.
Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At September 30
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which
were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its
concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial
institutions utilized by the Company.
Convertible debt is accounted for
under FASB ASC 470
 The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional
paid-in-capital.
Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
 Debt &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.
Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
 Debt &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a
beneficial conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at
fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized
and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the Relative  Fair value of the
conversion features
 which is credited to additional paid-in-capital.
Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.
Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.
Convertible debt is accounted for
under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional
paid-in-capital.
Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
 The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.
Convertible debt is accounted for
under FASB ASC 470
 The Company records a beneficial conversion feature
(&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that
are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited to additional
paid-in-capital.
Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
 Debt &#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#147;BCF&#148;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.


        
The Company maintains its cash accounts
at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At March 31
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.
The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes
this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.
The Company maintains its cash accounts
at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of
the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk
exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institution utilized
by the Company.

The Company maintains its cash accounts
at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At June 30
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.
The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes
this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.
The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have
cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution
to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of
the financial institutions utilized by the Company.
The Company maintains its cash accounts
at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At September 30
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance
limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management
believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.
The Company maintains its cash accounts
at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess
of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of
risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized
by the Company.
The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2014
 the Company did not have cash balances which
were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its
concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial
institutions utilized by the Company.
The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances
which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit
its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial
institutions utilized by the Company.
The Company maintains its cash accounts
at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC
insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk exposure.
Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized by the Company.
The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company did not have cash balances
which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit
its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial
institutions utilized by the Company.
The Company maintains its cash accounts
at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of
the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of risk
exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institution utilized
by the Company.

The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have
cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution
to limit its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of
the financial institutions utilized by the Company.
The Company maintains its cash accounts
at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers $250
000 per bank for substantially
all depository accounts. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess
of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit its concentration of
risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institutions utilized
by the Company.
The
Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) covers
$250
000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not have cash balances
which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of this financial institution to limit
its concentration of risk exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial
institutions utilized by the Company.


        
The Company has not generated any
taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes
for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the
assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to
offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At March 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2014
the Company had approximately $103
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.


of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in
a two-step process.


preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
will all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.
The Company has not generated any
taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences
between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities
are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.
Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March
31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally
for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $88
000
of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.


of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in
a two-step process.


preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. For the period from November
5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest
of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.
The Company has not generated any
taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes
for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the
assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to
offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2014
the Company had approximately $104
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.


of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in
a two-step process.


preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
will all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.
The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
the Company had approximately $92
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing
fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

The Company has not generated any
taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences
between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities
are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable
income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
At September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
 2014
 the Company had approximately
$105
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034. 


of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in
a two-step process.


preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These returns
 when filed
will all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.
The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
2013
 the Company had approximately $98
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2014
 the Company
had approximately $107
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.

The
Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and
2012. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2014
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise
tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $2
593 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.
        
The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At March 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2014
the Company had approximately $103
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2034.

The
Company&#160;follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The Company
is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.
These returns
 when filed
 will all be subject to examination by the tax authorities.

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company
had approximately $84
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2032.

The
Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.
The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2012
 the Company
had approximately $84
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2032.

The
Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.
The Company has not generated any
taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.


taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences
between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities
are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.
Valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At March
31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally
for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At March 31
 2013
 the Company had approximately $88
000
of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.


of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain tax positions are evaluated in
a two-step process.


preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. For the period from November
5
 2010 (inception) to March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest
of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.
The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At June 30
 2013
the Company had approximately $92
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to June 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing
fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against
its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At September 30
2013
 the Company had approximately $98
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to September 30
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $1
643 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2013
 the Company
had approximately $102
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2033.

The
Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and
2011. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise
tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $2
118 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.


        
FASB ASC 820
 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of March 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.
FASB ASC 820
 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.
FASB ASC 820
 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.
FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial
instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded
at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.
FASB ASC 820
 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.
FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these
financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is
recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.
FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the carrying values of these financial instruments
approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The
carrying amount approximated fair value.

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments
approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The
carrying amount approximated fair value.
FASB ASC 820
 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their
fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated
fair value.
FASB ASC 820
 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated their
fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated
fair value.
FASB ASC 820
 
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other
market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with
ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:


quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.


than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.


on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different
levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs.


assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments
include cash and payables. As of March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated
their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The carrying amount
approximated fair value.
FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these financial
instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded
at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.
FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the carrying values of these
financial instruments approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is
recorded at cost. The carrying amount approximated fair value.
FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the carrying values of these financial instruments
approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The
carrying amount approximated fair value.


        
The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.
The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.
The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.
The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.
The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.
The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.
The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


        
The Company computes net income
(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
(&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The Company computes net income
(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The Company computes net income
(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
(&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The Company computes net income
(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The Company computes net income
(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
(&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are
excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The Company computes net income
(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss)
per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are
excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#146;s common
stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The Company computes net income
(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#146;s common stock equivalents were excluded
in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The Company computes net income
(loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;) and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income (loss) per common share is
computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise
of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are excluded in the computation
of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are
excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. Common stock equivalents are
excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
The
Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#147;ASC 260&#148;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company&#146;s common
stock equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.


        
        
The Company has been devoting most
of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage
Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain
additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company
to the current balance sheet date.
        
The Company has been devoting most
of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage
Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain
additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company
to the current balance sheet date.
        
The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
        
The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
The Company has been devoting most
of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage
Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain
additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company
to the current balance sheet date.
The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.
The Company has been devoting most
of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage
Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain
additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company
to the current balance sheet date.
The Company has been devoting most
of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage
Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain
additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company
to the current balance sheet date.
The Company has been devoting most
of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition of a Development Stage
Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
. Under FASB ASC 915
 certain
additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period from inception of the Company
to the current balance sheet date.
The
Company has been devoting most of its efforts to raising capital and developing a business plan and
 consequently
 meets the definition
of a Development Stage Enterprise
 as defined in FASB ASC 915
.
Under FASB ASC 915
 certain additional financial information is required to be included in the financial statements for the period
from inception of the Company to the current balance sheet date.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing deferred financing costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt on the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        

    
Short-term
    borrowings-related party consists of the following at March 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011.





    
    
March
    31

    
    
    
December
    31
 2011
    

Prepaid expenses paid on behalf of
    the Company &#150; William P. McDermitt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Short-term borrowings-related party consists of the
following at June 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011.





    
    
June 30


    
    
December 31


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Short-term borrowings-related party consists of the following at September 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011.



    
    
September 30


    
    
December 31


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        


Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan
of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;.
The Company&#146;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the
1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include
candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the
products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail
supermarkets and drug stores.


revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding
to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds
when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.
        


 Inc.
(the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced planning during the first
quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s business
model is to  have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps other
decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.
Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed
that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require
significant additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain
sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.
The
interim financial statements included herein
 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although
the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.

These
statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary
for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in
conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the
Company's Form S-1. The Company follows the same accounting policies in the preparation of interim reports.

Results of operations for the
interim periods are not indicative of annual results.
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing
its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site
&#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and
distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued.
The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include:
Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant.
These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make
available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require
substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to
the Company.
        


 Inc. (the
&#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations during the first quarter
2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s business model consists
of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have
been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed
products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette
Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends to target to
make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.


stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require
substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain
sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.
The
interim financial statements included herein
 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although
the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.

These
statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary
for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in
conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the
Company's Regulation Statement on Form S-1 (Regulation No.: 333-181652). The Company follows the same accounting policies in the
preparation of interim reports.

Results of operations for the interim periods are
not indicative of annual results.
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its
plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;.
The Company&#146;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s
and 1960&#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and
personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa
Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations
enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require
substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to
the Company.
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations
during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s
business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps
other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.
Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso
Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company
intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company is in the development stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future
revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable
on terms satisfactory to the Company.
The
interim financial statements included herein
 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although
the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.

These
statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary
for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in
conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the
Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No.: 333-181652). The Company follows the same accounting policies
in the preparation of interim reports.

Results of operations for the
interim periods are not indicative of annual results.
        
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its
plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;.
The Company&#146;s business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s
and 1960&#146;s and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and
personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa
Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations
enjoyed that the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require
substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to
the Company.

Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations
during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s
business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps
other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.
Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso
Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company
intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company is in the development stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future
revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable
on terms satisfactory to the Company.
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations
during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s
business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps
other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.
Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso
Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company
intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company is in the development stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future
revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable
on terms satisfactory to the Company.
The
interim financial statements included herein
 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although
the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.

These
statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary
for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in
conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the
Company's Form S-1. The Company follows the same accounting policies in the preparation of interim reports.

Results of operations for the
interim periods are not indicative of annual results.
The
interim financial statements included herein
 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although
the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.

These
statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary
for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in
conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the
Company's Regulation Statement on Form S-1 (Regulation No.: 333-181652). The Company follows the same accounting policies in the
preparation of interim reports.

Results of operations for the interim periods are
not indicative of annual results.
The
interim financial statements included herein
 presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
and stated in US dollars
 have been prepared by the Company
 without audit
 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations
 although
the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.

These
statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which
 in the opinion of management
 are necessary
for fair presentation of the information contained therein. It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in
conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2011 and notes thereto included in the
Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No.: 333-181652). The Company follows the same accounting policies
in the preparation of interim reports.

Results of operations for the interim periods are
not indicative of annual results.
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations
during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s
business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps
other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.
Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso
Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company
intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company is in the development stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future
revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable
on terms satisfactory to the Company.
Organization
and Business

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced planning
during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s
business model is to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps other decades
but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the
proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso Laundry Soap
and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company intends
to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company is in the development stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future
revenues. The Company will require significant additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable
on terms satisfactory to the Company.
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations
during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s
business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps
other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.
Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso
Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company
intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company is in the development stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future
revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable
on terms satisfactory to the Company.
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations
during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s
business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps
other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.
Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso
Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company
intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company is in the development stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future
revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable
on terms satisfactory to the Company.
Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and commenced operations
during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;. The Company&#146;s
business model consists of plans to have manufactured and distribute that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s and perhaps
other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products.
Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
 Chipso
Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that the Company
intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company is in the development stage and has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future
revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable
on terms satisfactory to the Company.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 authorized shares
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000
50
000
000


Common stock
 issued shares
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
2
050
000


Common stock
 outstanding shares
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
2
050
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        


    
The Company&#146;s Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance 50
000
000 shares of one class of $.001 par value common stock.






    
    
During the three months ended March 31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.

    
    
    

    
    
During the three months ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $20
500.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

        

    
The Company&#146;s Articles
    of Incorporation authorize the issuance 50
000
000 shares of one class of $0.001 par value common stock.

    
    

    
    
During the three months ended March
    31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash
    totaling $17
500.

    
    
    

    
    
During the three months ended December
    31
 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash
    totaling $20
500.

    
    
    

    
Dividends - The Company
    has never issued dividends.

    
    

    
Warrants - The Company
    has never issued any warrants.

    
    

    
Options - The Company has
    never issued options.

        

    
The
    Company&#146;s Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance 50
000
000 shares of one class of $0.001 par value common
    stock.

    
    
    

    
    
During
    the three months ended March 31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several
    accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.

    
    
    

    
    
During
    the three months ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several
    accredited investors for cash totaling $20
500.

    
    
    

    
Dividends
    - The Company has never issued dividends.

    
    
    

    
Warrants
    - The Company has never issued any warrants.

    
    
    

    
Options
    - The Company has never issued options.

        


    
The Company&#146;s Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance 50
000
000 shares of one class of $.001 par value common stock.






    
    
During the three months ended March 31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.

    
    
    

    
    
During the three months ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash totaling $20
500.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

        

    
The Company&#146;s Articles
    of Incorporation authorize the issuance 50
000
000 shares of one class of $0.001 par value common stock.

    
    

    
    
During the three months ended March
    31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash
    totaling $17
500.

    
    
    

    
    
During the three months ended December
    31
 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several accredited investors for cash
    totaling $20
500.

    
    
    

    
Dividends - The Company
    has never issued dividends.

    
    

    
Warrants - The Company
    has never issued any warrants.

    
    

    
Options - The Company has
    never issued options.

        

    
The
    Company&#146;s Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance 50
000
000 shares of one class of $0.001 par value common
    stock.

    
    
    

    
    
During
    the three months ended March 31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
750
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several
    accredited investors for cash totaling $17
500.

    
    
    

    
    
During
    the three months ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 2
050
000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock to several
    accredited investors for cash totaling $20
500.

    
    
    

    
Dividends
    - The Company has never issued dividends.

    
    
    

    
Warrants
    - The Company has never issued any warrants.

    
    
    

    
Options
    - The Company has never issued options.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

    
During the year ended December 31
    2011 Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&#146;s bank account
    which supplemented the Company&#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt
    purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.&#160;

    
    

    
The Company has evaluated estimates
    and assumptions related to donated services and rent provided by the Officers of the Company during the start-up phase of
    this business. It has been determined that these services provided by these individuals were nominal through March 31
 2012.&#160;

        

    
During the year ended December 31
    2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&#146;s bank
    account
 which supplemented the Company&#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt
    purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.

    
    

    
The Company has evaluated estimates
    and assumptions related to donated services and rent provided by the Officers of the Company during the start-up phase of
    this business. It has been determined that these services provided by these individuals were nominal through June 30
 2012.

        

    
During
    the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish
    the Company&#146;s bank account
 which supplemented the Company&#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities.
    Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.

    
    

    
The
    Company has evaluated estimates and assumptions related to donated services and rent provided by the Officers of the Company
    during the start-up phase of this business. It has been determined that these services provided by these individuals were
    nominal through September 30
 2012.

        

    
During the year ended December 31
    2011 Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&#146;s bank account
    which supplemented the Company&#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt
    purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.&#160;

    
    

    
The Company has evaluated estimates
    and assumptions related to donated services and rent provided by the Officers of the Company during the start-up phase of
    this business. It has been determined that these services provided by these individuals were nominal through March 31
 2012.&#160;

        

    
During the year ended December 31
    2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish the Company&#146;s bank
    account
 which supplemented the Company&#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities. Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt
    purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.

    
    

    
The Company has evaluated estimates
    and assumptions related to donated services and rent provided by the Officers of the Company during the start-up phase of
    this business. It has been determined that these services provided by these individuals were nominal through June 30
 2012.

        

    
During
    the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company received from William P. McDermitt
 a related party
 $200 in cash to establish
    the Company&#146;s bank account
 which supplemented the Company&#146;s working capital and is included in current liabilities.
    Furthermore
 Mr. McDermitt purchased 500
000 shares of stock for $5
000 during the first quarter 2012.

    
    

    
The
    Company has evaluated estimates and assumptions related to donated services and rent provided by the Officers of the Company
    during the start-up phase of this business. It has been determined that these services provided by these individuals were
    nominal through September 30
 2012.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






























































































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(7
215)
        
        
        
(7
323)
(7
374)
(92
825)
(7
374)
(7
849)


        
(1
000)
(1
000)
(1
000)
(6
000)
(4
000)
(4
000)
(4
450)
21
125
11
850
        
        
        
(2
000)
(8
000)
32
975
        
(3
000)
(14
000)
37
425
        
(5
400)
(17
090)
(77
451)
        
11
850
37
425
(77
451)
(81
451)
(85
451)
(91
451)
(94
541)


        
(1
000)
(1
000)
(1
000)
(6
000)
(4
000)
(4
051)
(4
504)
21
189
11
850
        
        
        
(2
000)
(8
051)
33
039
        
(3
000)
(14
051)
37
543
        
(5
875)
(17
616)
(84
666)
        
11
958
37
651
(84
774)
(88
825)
(92
825)
(98
825)
(102
390)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(4
504)
(21
189)
(11
850)
        
        
        
        
        
(33
039)
        
        
        
(37
543)
        
        
        
        
        
(11
958)
(37
651)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ (1
000)
$ (1
000)
$ (1
000)
$ (6
000)
$ (4
000)
$ (4
051)
$ (4
504)
$ (21
189)
$ (11
850)
        
        
        
$ (2
000)
$ (8
051)
$ (33
039)
        
$ (3
000)
$ (14
051)
$ (37
543)
        
$ (5
875)
$ (17
616)
$ (84
666)
        
$ (11
958)
$ (37
651)
$ (84
774)
$ (88
825)
$ (92
825)
$ (98
825)
$ (102
390)


(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted (Note 2)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Weighted average shares outstanding
&#xA0;basic and diluted
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
216
667
        
        
        
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
508
333
        
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
605
556
        
3
800
000
3
800
000
3
654
167
85
068
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
On December 14
 2012
 the Company
received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue
on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of
the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion
price of $0.10 per share.
On
December 14
 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.
In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the
note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On December 14
 2012
 the Company
received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue
on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of
the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion
price of $0.10 per share.
On
December 14
 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.
In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the
note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On
December 14
 2012
 the Company received $50
000 in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note. In the event
of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled
to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares
of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On
December 14
 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.
In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the
note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
        
On
December 14
 2012
 the Company issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing
on December 31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum.
The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender&#146;s
sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.

On
December 14
 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000
maturing December 31
 2015. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8%
per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
it any
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On December 14
 2012
 the Company
sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert
all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares of common stock
at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On December 14
 2012
 the Company
sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert
all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares of common stock
at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On December 14
 2012
 the Company
sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert
all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares of common stock
at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On
December 14
 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.
In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the
note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On December 14
 2012
 the Company
sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000. In the event of default
interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert
all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
 into shares of common stock
at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.
On
December 14
 2012
 the Company sold and issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000.
In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the
note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible notes plus any accrued interest
 at the lender&#146;s sole option
into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
The Company sold during 2012 and
2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s
Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01
per share.
The
Company sold during 2012 and 2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were
sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer.
All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The Company sold during 2012 and
2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s
Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01
per share.
The
Company sold during 2012 and 2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were
sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer.
All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The
Company sold during 2012 and 2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were
sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer.
All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The
Company sold during 2012 and 2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were
sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer.
All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The
Company sold during 2012 and 2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were
sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer.
All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The
Company sold during 2012 and 2011 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were
sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer.
All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The Company sold 3
800
000 shares
of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000
shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The Company sold 3
800
000 shares
of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000
shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The Company sold during 2012 and
2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s
Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01
per share.
The
Company sold during 2012 and 2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were
sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer.
All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.
The Company sold during 2012 and
2011
 a total of 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s
Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01
per share.
The
Company sold 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief
Executive Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01
per share.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
Prepaid
    legal expense consists of the following at March 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011.





    
    
March
    31

    
    
    
December
    31
 2011
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

    
The
    Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &#34;Earnings per Share
&#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on
    the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator
    and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying
    financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number
    of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average
    number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this
    method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
    and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
    shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would
    be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(11
850
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
520
879
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &#34;Earnings
per Share
&#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with
complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the
numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common
stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic
net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is
computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning
of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the
average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants
are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive
instruments.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
June 30
 2012
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
039
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
660
440
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &#34;Earnings
per Share
&#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with
complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the
numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common
stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic
net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is
computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning
of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the
average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants
are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive
instruments.




    
Nine Months Ended Sept. 30


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(37
543
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
707
299
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



        

    
The
    Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &#34;Earnings per Share
&#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on
    the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator
    and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying
    financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number
    of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average
    number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this
    method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
    and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
    shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would
    be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(11
850
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
520
879
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


The Company has adopted FASB
Topic 260
 &#34;Earnings per Share
&#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement
for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS
computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss
per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the year. Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to
be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used
to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock
options&#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common
share). There were no anti-dilutive instruments.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
June 30
 2012
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
039
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
660
440
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



The Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &#34;Earnings
per Share
&#34; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with
complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the
numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common
stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Basic
net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is
computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning
of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the
average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&#160;and stock warrants
are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share). There were no anti-dilutive
instruments.




    
Nine Months Ended Sept. 30


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(37
543
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
707
299
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
$5
894 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for the amount of $6
083
 including fees
 which
was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets.
A claim against the Company was
served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for $5
894 related to services rendered
in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for the amount of $6
083
 including fees
 which was included in accounts payable and
accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
$5
894 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for the amount of $6
083
 including fees
 which
was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingencies
 and guarantees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks
and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated
any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#146;s
cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about
the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial
support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable
operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the
substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The
Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
the Company&#146;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial
doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development
stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and
its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
        

    
The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&#160;

    
    

    
Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks
and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated
any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#146;s
cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about
the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial
support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable
operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the
substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The
Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
the Company&#146;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial
doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development
stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and
its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
        

    
The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.

    
    

    
Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks
and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any
revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#146;s cash
position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support
from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the
substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The
Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
the Company&#146;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial
doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development
stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and
its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
        

    
The
    Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history
    or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.

    


    
Management
    is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations
    in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt
    and equity financing. However
 the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional
    funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary
    funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

        
The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks
and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any
revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#146;s cash
position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support
from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
        
The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the
substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to a new business
 including the potential risk of business failure.&#160;The
Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commerce operations and generate revenues
the Company's cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company's daily operation.&#160;This raises substantial
doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.&#160;

Management&#160;is
hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in&#160; its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances
that they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development
stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and
its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern.

The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the
substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. This
raises substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. The reasons for the substantial doubt
along with management&#146;s plans are as follows.

The
Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
the Company&#146;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. Management intends
to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities. Management believes that the actions presently
being taken to implement its business plan and to generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going
concern.

While
the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds
 there
can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability
to emerge from the development stage with its planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support
from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity and/or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
        

    
The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&#160;

    
    

    
Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

        

    
The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.

    
    

    
Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However
 the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

        

    
The
    Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has no history
    or sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.

    
    

    
Management
    is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations
    in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt
    and equity financing. However
 the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional
    funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary
    funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.

The Company&#146;s financial statements
have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties
inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern. The reasons for the substantial doubt along with management&#146;s plans are as follows.


revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#146;s cash
position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds
through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to implement
its business plan and to generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern.


viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds
 there can be no assurances that they
will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development stage
with its planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability
to obtain the necessary equity and/or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.


do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
The Company&#146;s financial statements
have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties
inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since
inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company&#146;s cash position is currently
not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern.


funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.


ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that they will be successful. The
Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development stage with any planned principal
business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary
equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.


do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the
substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The
Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
the Company&#146;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial
doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development
stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and
its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.

The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the
substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. The
Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
the Company&#146;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. This raises substantial
doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability to emerge from the development
stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and
its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.

The
Company&#146;s financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is a development stage company subject to the
substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to new business
 including the potential risk of business failure. This
raises substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. The reasons for the substantial doubt
along with management&#146;s plans are as follows.

The
Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
the Company&#146;s cash position is currently not sufficient to support the Company&#146;s daily operations. Management intends
to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities. Management believes that the actions presently
being taken to implement its business plan and to generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going
concern.
&#160;
&#160;
While
the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds
 there
can be no assurances that they will be successful. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and its ability
to emerge from the development stage with any planned principal business activity is dependent upon the continued financial support
from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
A claim against the Company was
served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related
to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable
and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the
judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff
initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be
sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by
CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension
which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A claim against the Company was
served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related
to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable
and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the
judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff
initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be
sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by
CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension
which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. As of September 30
 2014
 $500.00 was
paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment;
however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an
extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by
CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension
which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A claim against the Company
was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related
to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable
and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. As of December
 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to
the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the
plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes
shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A claim against the Company was
served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related
to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable
and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00&#160; was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect
of the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which
the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes
shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#160;approximately&#160;$5
900
related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for&#160; $6
083
 including fees
 which is included
in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc.
with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to inforce the judgment; however
 the time
frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiation&#160; an extension&#160;
which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by
CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension
which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by
CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension
which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.
A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by
CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension
which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

    
Short-term
    borrowings-related party consists of the following at March 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011.





    
    
March
    31

    
    
    
December
    31
 2011
    

Prepaid expenses paid on behalf of
    the Company &#150; William P. McDermitt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
The borrowings are due on demand with
    no stated interest rate. The imputed interest expense is considered by management to be immaterial to the financial statements
    at March 31
 2012.


Short-term borrowings-related party consists of the
following at June 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011.




    
    
June 30


    
    
December 31


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
The borrowings are due on demand with no stated interest rate. The imputed interest expense is considered by management to be immaterial to the financial statements at June 30
 2012.


Short-term borrowings-related party consists of the following at September 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011.



    
    
September 30


    
    
December 31


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
The borrowings are due on demand with no stated interest rate. The imputed interest expense is considered by management to be immaterial to the financial statements at September 30
 2012.

        

    
Short-term
    borrowings-related party consists of the following at March 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011.





    
    
March
    31

    
    
    
December
    31
 2011
    

Prepaid expenses paid on behalf of
    the Company &#150; William P. McDermitt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
The borrowings are due on demand with
    no stated interest rate. The imputed interest expense is considered by management to be immaterial to the financial statements
    at March 31
 2012.

Short-term borrowings-related party consists of the
following at June 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011.




    
    
June
    30

    
    
    
December
    31

    
    

Prepaid expenses paid on behalf of
    the Company &#150; William P. McDermitt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
The borrowings are due on demand with
    no stated interest rate. The imputed interest expense is considered by management to be immaterial to the financial statements
    at June 30
 2012.


Short-term borrowings-related party consists of the following at September 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011.



    
    
September 30


    
    
December 31


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
The borrowings are due on demand with no stated interest rate. The imputed interest expense is considered by management to be immaterial to the financial statements at September 30
 2012.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 5
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        

    
Prepaid
    legal expense consists of the following at March 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011.





    
    
March
    31

    
    
    
December
    31
 2011
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    



        

    
Prepaid
    legal expense consists of the following at March 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011.





    
    
March
    31

    
    
    
December
    31
 2011
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 loans
 and securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 12
000
        


        
$ 12
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          



Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2010
        
        
        
        


Beginning
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2010
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued
 value
2
050
18
450
        
20
500


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Ending
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
2
050
18
450
        
20
392


Ending
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2011
2
050
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(11
850)
(11
850)


Ending
 Balance at Mar. 31
 2012
3
800
34
200
(11
958)
26
042


Ending
 balance shares at Mar. 31
 2012
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
2
050
18
450
        
20
392


Beginning
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2011
2
050
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued
 value
1
750
15
750
        
17
500


        
1
750
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(33
039)
(33
039)


Ending
 Balance at Jun. 30
 2012
3
800
34
200
(33
147)
4
853


Ending
 balance shares at Jun. 30
 2012
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
2
050
18
450
        
20
392


Beginning
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2011
2
050
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued
 value
1
750
15
750
        
17
500


        
1
750
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
(37
543)


Ending
 Balance at Sep. 30
 2012
3
800
34
200
(37
651)
        


Ending
 balance shares at Sep. 30
 2012
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
2
050
18
450
        
20
392


Beginning
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2011
2
050
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued
 value
1
750
15
750
        
17
500


        
1
750
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(84
666)
(84
666)


Ending
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
3
800
34
200
(84
774)
(46
774)


Ending
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2012
3
800
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(4
051)
(4
051)


Ending
 Balance at Mar. 31
 2013
3
800
34
200
(88
825)
(50
825)


Ending
 balance shares at Mar. 31
 2013
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        
        
(84
774)
(46
774)


        
        
        
(8
051)
(8
051)


Ending
 Balance at Jun. 30
 2013
3
800
34
200
(92
825)
(54
825)


Ending
 balance shares at Jun. 30
 2013
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        
        
(84
774)
(46
774)


        
        
        
(14
051)
(14
051)


Ending
 Balance at Sep. 30
 2013
3
800
34
200
(98
825)
(60
825)


Ending
 balance shares at Sep. 30
 2013
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        
        
(84
774)
(46
774)


        
        
        
(17
616)
(17
616)


Ending
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
3
800
34
200
(102
390)
(64
390)


Ending
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2013
3
800
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(1
000)
(1
000)


Ending
 Balance at Mar. 31
 2014
3
800
34
200
(103
390)
(65
390)


Ending
 balance shares at Mar. 31
 2014
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
3
800
34
200
(102
390)
(64
390)


Beginning
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2013
3
800
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(2
000)
(2
000)


Ending
 Balance at Jun. 30
 2014
3
800
34
200
(104
390)
(66
390)


Ending
 balance shares at Jun. 30
 2014
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
3
800
34
200
(102
390)
(64
390)


Beginning
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2013
3
800
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(3
000)
(3
000)


Ending
 Balance at Sep. 30
 2014
3
800
34
200
(105
390)
(67
390)


Ending
 balance shares at Sep. 30
 2014
3
800
000
        
        
        


Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
3
800
34
200
(102
390)
(64
390)


Beginning
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2013
3
800
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(5
875)
(5
875)


Ending
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
$ 3
800
$ 34
200
$ (108
265)
$ (70
265)


Ending
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2014
3
800
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
The Company entered into a management
consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at March 31
 2014
and December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $18
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future.
CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.
The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $27
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability
to sign checks.
The Company entered into a management
consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at June 30
 2014 and
December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $18
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.
The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at June 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $24
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability
to sign checks.
The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $17
500 and $18
000
 respectively
 with
CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability
to sign checks. During the nine months ended September 30
 2014
 CUBBO utilized $500 of the prepayment to pay certain liabilities
of the Company.
The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $19
500 and $30
000
 respectively
 with
CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability
to sign checks.
        
The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2014 and 2013 represent a prepayment of $17
000 and $18
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for
consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 CUBBO utilized $1
000 of the prepayment to pay certain liabilities of the Company.
The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2013 and 2012 represent a prepayment of $18
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for
consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.
Prepaid
expenses at December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $30
000 to CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in 2013.

Prepaid expenses at December 31
2012 represent a prepayment of $30
000 to CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in 2013.

The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at March 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $27
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability
to sign checks.
The Company entered into a management
consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at June 30
 2013 and
December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $24
000 and $30
000
 respectively
 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered
in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.
The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at September 30
 2013 and December 31
 2012 represent a prepayment of $19
500 and $30
000
 respectively
 with
CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability
to sign checks.
Prepaid
expenses at December 31
 2013 represent a prepayment of $18
000 to CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in 2014.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          



















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      

      


      
      
      
      
      



















    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

Jun. 30

    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          




          




          




          




          




          




          

        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
1
000
2
000
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


    













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
The Company&#146;s management has
performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be
issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.
The Company&#146;s management has
performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be
issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.&#160;&#160;
        

    
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date which it has made its financial statements available
 and has identified no significant reportable events through that date.

The Company&#146;s management has
performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be
issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.
The
Company&#146;s management has performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial
statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial
statements.
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through
the date which it has made its financial statements available
 and has identified no significant reportable events through that
date.
The
Company&#146;s management has performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial
statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial
statements.
The
Company&#146;s management has performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial
statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial
statements.
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through
the date which it has made its financial statements available
 and has identified no significant reportable events through that
date.
        
The
Company&#146;s management has performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial
statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial
statements.
        
The
Company's management has performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial statements
were available to be issued. Except for the matter discussed in Note 8
 there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to
the financial statements or disclosures as stated herein.
As
discussed in Note 8
 the claim between the Company and Vintage Filings has been settled as of the report date.
        

    
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date which it has made its financial statements available
 and has identified no significant reportable events through that date.

The Company has evaluated subsequent
events through the date which it has made its financial statements available
 and has identified no significant reportable events
through that date.
The Company has evaluated subsequent
events through the date which it has made its financial statements available
 and has identified no significant reportable events
through that date.
As
discussed in Note 8
 the claim between the Company and Vintage Filings has been settled as of the report date.
The
Company&#146;s management has performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial
statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial
statements.&#160;&#160;
The
Company&#146;s management has performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial
statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial
statements.
The Company&#146;s management has
performed subsequent events procedures through February 5
 2015
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be
issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.
As
discussed in Note 8
 the claim between the Company and Vintage Filings has been settled as of the report date.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













