

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-009794
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160414
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001544861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				273999874
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54857
		FILM NUMBER:		161572789
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PAPE DRIVE
		CITY:			ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		848-466-9607
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 PAPE DRIVE
		CITY:			ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07716







Washington
December 31
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
Atlantic Highlands
(Registrant's telephone number
Check whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Check whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) contained herein
 and no disclosure will be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
Check whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
The number of shares of common stock of the Company
 par value $.001
 issued and outstanding as of April 14
 2016 was 3
800
We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 5
In 2012
 we filed a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of up to 3
000
000 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $0.10 per share. The registration statement went effective on August 13
The Company is an emerging growth company (EGC)
 that is exempt from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act)
We aim to acquire ownership of and other rights to discontinued consumer product brands with the ultimate goal of reviving these products and commercializing them based on the concept that nostalgia for such brands will be a powerful incentive to purchase by the 55 and over population
 which we refer to in this report as the senior population. We believe that many formerly popular brand names that were discontinued by their parent company still resonate with the senior population and if so revived and made available in supermarkets and other retail establishments
We believe that as a person ages
 he or she often feels left behind and tends to remember the good old days when life was simpler. We believe we can tap into these feelings and use it as a trigger for purchasing decisions
 as studies have shown that seniors miss their youth and many of the products which they used during childhood that are no longer available. Older adults have a preference to purchase brands which have been established for a long time. We believe that the combination of familiarity and positive associations linger as a person ages
We are a newly established company and have limited operations. For the period from November 5
 2010 (Inception) to December 31
 2015
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(112
173). Due to the newly-established nature of our business
 we expect to incur losses as we expand. To date
 our cash flow requirements have been met by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations. Furthermore
 there is no assurance the net proceeds from any financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the early stages of our operations. For these reasons
We intend to target for purchase the intellectual property and other rights to discontinued consumer product brands. We consider a product to be discontinued if it is no longer available at traditional retail levels such as grocery and drug stores
We do not currently own any brand names or have any products for sale. To date
 we have researched over 100 discontinued products and are focusing upon 20 of these products in following three categories of consumer products: candy
 food other than candy
 and personal products
. Bit-O-Licorice
 Big Yank
. Amazo Instant Dessert
 Ballard Cornbread Mix
 Cocomalt
 Hydrox Cookies
 Krumbles Cereal
 Ann Page Pork and Beans
 Pep Cereal
. Calox Tooth Powder
 Chipso Laundry Soap
 Forhans for the Gums
 Rapid Shave
 Shower Mate
An estimated 88 million people in the United States are over the age of 55 according to the World Factbook updated on September 24
 2015 (the WF 2015). We believe this large and growing segment of the population are a viable demographic market with more financial resources and an increasing awareness of their power as consumers. According to the article titled Targeting the mature market: opportunities and challenges
 Journal of Consumer Marketing
 Vol. 14 No. 4 1997
 pp.282 &#8211; 293
 by George Moschis (Director of the Center for Mature Consumer Studies at Georgia State University)
 Euehun Lee and Anil Mathur
 there were approximately 55 million people aged 55 and older and 33 million aged 65 and older in the USA
The senior population age 55 and older controls in excess of three-fourths of the United States' wealth (George Moschis
The senior population possesses over $900 billion in spending money
 and nearly a quarter of householders aged 65 to 69 have a net worth of $250
000 or more (George Moschis
According to Pew Research Center surveys conducted during March 17-April 12
 May 28-31 and June 10-July 12
 2015
 about four-in-ten adults ages 65 and older (39%) do not use the internet
The U.S. government statistics from 2013 show that Florida has the highest percentage of population of people aged 65 and over followed by Maine
 West Virginia
 Delaware
 Pennsylvania and Montana. According to the United States Census Bureau
Marketing
As demonstrated by the above Pew Research Center surveys
 due to the fact that there is still a substantial percentage (39%) of the U.S. senior population (exceeding 47 million persons) who do not use the internet
 we plan to market our anticipated product brands using a combination of radio and print media advertising. Advertising over the radio is expected to commence in the areas most concentrated with a senior population. Our website will not initially offer our products for sale
In addition
 we intend to purchase advertising space for particular regions of major weekend supplements including
 but not limited to
 Parade and AARP Magazine
 to target our market and advise the senior population that their favorite brands are once again available at retail stores in their area. We intend to purchase the advertising space through cash payments and payments in the form of shares of our common stock. We believe that advertising can be purchased for cash or stock with little or no lead time and at substantial discounts from prevailing market prices for remainders which are sections of a national run by these and other publications when not sold by print time; provided however
We expect that if and when demand is created through our advertising campaigns
 it will be easier to retain independent manufacturer's representatives to sell our products to regional buyers at independent retailers and retailers will be more likely to stock our products as a result of advertising-generated demand. These independent representatives also obviate the need for us to have sales personnel on our payroll
We intend to ultimately sell our products primarily in the mass market retail channel in all 50 states
 including
 but not limited to
 supermarket chains
 drug stores
 gas station marts
We expect that all product production will initially be out-sourced to third-party manufacturers. We do not anticipate expenses with respect to inventory
Our proposed business is subject to significant competition. The food and consumer products industry is fragmented
 highly competitive and is dominated by large multinational companies including
 but not limited to
 Nestle
 Kraft Foods
 Mars
 Proctor &amp; Gamble and Unilever
 as well as smaller competitors
 many of whom have already established their brand name recognition in our proposed markets. In addition
 many of our competitors have significantly larger marketing personnel and financial resources than we have and competition for shelf space in grocery stores and other retail outlets is intense
We intend to offer distinctive products which address specific consumer needs. We will target the senior population where nostalgia is expected to be a strong motivator for purchases. However
 these efforts will not guarantee that we will be competitive or that our business plan will be successful. Further
We believe that competition is based primarily upon availability
 price
 quality and efficacy of products
 customer service
 brand name recognition and marketing and trade support
We do not own any intellectual property. As part of our acquisition strategy
 we will endeavor to purchase all relevant trademarks
 trade names
Other than time spent researching our proposed business and identifying potential product acquisitions
We do not presently have any employees other than our two executive officers
 neither of whom are expected to be full-time employees. Our officers are responsible for planning
 developing and operational duties
 and will continue to do so throughout the early stages of our growth. We have no intention of hiring employees until our business has been successfully launched and we have sufficient
 reliable revenue from our operations
 which is not expected for at least the next 12 months.&nbsp;Although we cannot reliably estimate the percentage of time each of our executive officers will spend on behalf of our Company prior to the successful launch of our business
 of which we can give no assurance of success
 they have each committed to spend such time as they deem reasonably necessary to launch our business. Mr. McDermitt is available to work as a full-time employee if and when we successfully launch our business. Mr. O'Donnell
 our CFO
We intend to retain independent manufacturer's representations to seek buyers of our products
Our shares of common stock are not registered under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction
 and accordingly there is no public trading market for our common stock. Further
 no public trading market is expected to develop in the foreseeable future unless and until the Company completes a business combination with an operating business and the Company thereafter files a registration statement under the Securities Act. Therefore
 outstanding shares of our common stock cannot be offered
 sold
 pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant to
 or exempt from registration under
 the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. Shares of our common stock cannot be sold under the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 144 or Section 4(1) of the Securities Act (Rule 144) as long as the Company is designated a shell company and for 12 months after it ceases to be a shell company
 provided the Company otherwise is in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations. Compliance with the criteria for securing exemptions under federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states is extremely complex
the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1
000
000
000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics
 setting the threshold to the nearest 1
000
the date on which such issuer has
 during the previous 3-year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
the date on which such issuer is deemed to be a 'large accelerated filer'
 as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17
 Code of Federal Regulations
We qualify as an emerging growth company or EGC under the JOBS Act. As a result
 we are permitted to
 and intend to
 rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company
comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e.
submit certain executive compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes
In addition
 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 defines a Smaller Reporting Company as an issuer that is not an investment company
 an asset-backed issuer
Had a public float of less than $75 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity
In the case of an initial registration statement under the Securities Act or Exchange Act for shares of its common equity
 had a public float of less than $75 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement
 computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus
 in the case of a Securities Act registration statement
In the case of an issuer whose public float as calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of this definition was zero
We qualify as a Smaller Reporting Company. Moreover
 as a Smaller Reporting Company and so long as we remain a Smaller Reporting Company
 we benefit from similar exemptions and exclusions as an Emerging Growth Company. In the event that we cease to be an Emerging Growth Company as a result of a lapse of the five year period
 but continue to be a Smaller Reporting Company
The public may read and copy any materials which we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE.
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site
 contains reports
 proxy and information statements
As a newly established company with an unproven business strategy
We were incorporated on November 5
 2010 and our business is in its early planning stages and has not commenced operations. Our business prospects are difficult to predict because of our limited operating history
 early stage of establishment and unproven business strategy. While we intend to focus on acquiring rights to and reviving discontinued consumer product brands
 there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our business plan. We may never generate revenues or attain profitable operations
We are uncertain of our ability to function as a going concern
To date
 we have completed only the initial stages of our business plan and we can provide no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue
 if any
 from our business in order to achieve profitability. It is not possible at this time for us to predict with assurance the potential success of our business. The revenue and income potential of our proposed business and operations are as of yet unknown. Wei
 Wei &amp; Company
 LLC
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This opinion could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds by issuing debt or equity securities or otherwise. If we fail to raise sufficient capital when needed
 we will not be able to completely execute our business plan. As a result
Our business will fail if we are unable to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
The success of our business plan is dependent
 among other things
 on our ability to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
 market and sell discontinued consumer product brands. It is our current plan to purchase the intellectual property and other rights to certain discontinued consumer product brands; however
 we currently do not own any intellectual property and have not obtained any copyrights
We expect to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. These losses will occur because we do not yet have any revenues to offset the expenses associated with the development of our planned business. We cannot guarantee that we will ever become successful in generating sufficient revenues in the future. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues
 we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks
If our views on the purchasing power of nostalgia as a driver for sales of consumer products is erroneous
We believe that there is a potential market for the revival of discontinued consumer product brands based upon the strength of nostalgia in the senior population. We can give no assurance that our views on nostalgia or its use as a marketing tool to sell products will prove to be successful
 especially considering that any brands we may acquire were likely discontinued due to a lack of sales or popularity at such time. If such views turn out to be erroneous
We intend to enter a competitive market which could impact our ability to gain market share and accordingly
The market for consumer products is very competitive. Although we intend to differentiate ourselves from other companies
 there are a number of companies
 many of which are established
 adequately funded and which sell numerous products which would compete with any brands we may acquire. If we cannot gain shelf space for our planned products at retailers or gain market share
Our ability to successfully develop our business
 generate operating revenues and achieve profitability depends upon our ability to obtain the necessary financing to implement our business plan. We will require financing through the issuance of additional debt and/or equity in order to implement our business plan
 including identifying
 acquiring and distributing consumer products
 building inventory
 hiring additional personnel as needed and eventually establishing profitable operations. Such financing may not be forthcoming. As it has been widely reported
 global and domestic financial markets and economic conditions have been
 and continue to be
 disrupted and volatile due to a variety of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 weak economic conditions. As a result
 the cost of raising money in the debt and equity capital markets has increased substantially while the availability of funds from those markets has diminished significantly
 even more so for smaller companies like ours. If such conditions and constraints continue
 we may not be able to acquire funds either through credit markets or through equity markets and
 even if financing is available
If our estimates related to expenditures are erroneous or inaccurate
Our success is dependent in part upon the accuracy of our management's estimates of expenditures for the next twelve months and beyond
 including
 but not limited to
 the expenditures we expect to incur as a public reporting company
 costs relating to acquiring rights to consumer product brands and commercialization of those brands
 website development
 and advertising and administrative expenses all of which management estimates will cost an aggregate minimum of approximately $300
000 over the next 12 months. If such estimates are erroneous or inaccurate
 or we encounter unforeseen expenses and delays
 we may not be able to carry out our business plan
If we are unable to identify and retain qualified personnel
We expect to be dependent on relationships with third parties in order to successfully commercialize our planned product lines. As a new company with very limited operating history and resources we may have difficulty in attracting and retaining the personnel required by us. If we are unable to fill those key positions or if we fail to hire or retain the necessary personnel
Our future success depends upon the continued service of Mr. William P. McDermitt
 our Chief Executive Officer and sole Director
 and Mr. Edward O'Donnell
 our Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
 upon whom we are relying to implement our business plan. The loss of the services of either Mr. McDermitt or Mr. O'Donnell could negatively impact our ability to select and commercialize potential brands
Each of our executive officers are part-time employees and have committed to spend such time as they deem reasonably necessary to launch our business. Our inability to have a full-time chief financial officer may make it more difficult to
 or cause a delay in
While we intend to rely heavily upon Mr. McDermitt
 he has no experience serving as an officer and/or director of a publicly traded company or experience with the reporting requirements which public companies are subject to. In addition
 Mr. McDermitt has no experience with the financial accounting and preparation requirements of financial statements which are required to be filed quarterly and annually under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. Due to lack of financial resources
 we were unable to timely file a number of our annual and quarterly reports with the SEC in the past. Consequently
Although we are presently up to date in our filings
 in the past we have not timely filed all of our annual and quarterly reports required to be filed by us with the SEC in a timely manner. It is the management's intention to meet the SEC's requirements and to be up to date in all of our filings
 but we cannot insure it because of the Company's lack of financial resources. It is possible that the SEC could take enforcement action against us
 including potentially the de-registration of our securities
 if we fail to file our annual and quarterly reports in a timely manner as required by the SEC. If the SEC were to take any such actions
In the event we are delinquent with respect to our reporting requirements in the future
 the Securities and Exchange Commission may revoke the registration of our common stock and
OTC Bulletin Board
If
 in the future
 we are delinquent with respect to our reporting requirements
 the Commission may revoke the registration of our common stock. If the Commission revokes the registration of our common stock
 brokers
 dealers and other market participants would be prohibited from buying
 selling
 making a market in
 publishing quotations of
 or otherwise effecting transactions with respect to such common stock until
 in the case of suspension
 the lifting of such suspension
 or
 in the case of a revocation
 we file a new registration statement with the Commission under the Exchange Act and that registration statement is declared effective. As a result
 public trading of our common stock would cease and investors would find it extraordinarily difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock or obtain accurate price quotations for our common stock
 which could result in a significant decline in the value of our stock. In addition
 any business which we acquire or start may be adversely impacted
 including
 without limitation
 an adverse impact on our ability to issue stock to raise equity capital
In addition
 if our shares become quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 we will be required to remain current in our filings with the SEC and our securities will not be eligible for quotation if we are not current in our filings with the SEC. In the event that we become delinquent in our required filings with the SEC
There is no public market for our securities and there can be no assurance that an active trading market for our Common Stock will develop
 or
 if developed
 be sustained. Our Common Stock may never be quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board
 or
 even if quoted
Because we will be subject to penny stock rules if our shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board
Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities exchanges). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and
 if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market
 and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition
 broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. Consequently
 these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
 in the secondary market for a security subject to the penny stock rules. If a trading market does develop for our common stock
 these regulations will likely be applicable
FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer
 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for certain customers. FINRA requirements will likely make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result
 fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock
State securities laws may limit secondary trading
Stockholders may not be able to resell the shares which they purchase in a certain state unless and until the shares of our common stock are qualified for secondary trading under the applicable securities laws of such state or there is confirmation that an exemption
 such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals
 is available for secondary trading in such state. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in registering or qualifying our common stock for secondary trading
 or identifying an available exemption for secondary trading in our common stock in every state. If we fail to register or qualify
 or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of our common stock in any particular state
 the shares of common stock cannot be offered or sold to
 or purchased by
 a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock
 the market for the common stock will be limited
 which could drive down the market price of our common stock
 and reduce the liquidity of the shares of our common stock and a stockholder's ability to resell shares of our common stock at all or at current market prices
If quoted
 the price of our common stock may be volatile
Even if our shares are quoted for trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board or other over-the-counter market and a public market develops for our common stock
our announcements of the acquisition of assets and achievement of milestones
changes in financial estimates by securities analysts
Because we do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock
We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception
 and we do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 holders of our common stock will have to rely upon capital appreciation
 if any
We are authorized to issue up to 50
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value
 of which 3
800
000 shares of common stock are currently issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common and preferred stock and to determine the rights
 preferences and privilege of such shares
 without consent of any of our stockholders. We may issue shares in connection with financing arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuances will result in immediate dilution to our existing stockholders' interests
The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales
 or the possibility that these sales may occur
 also may make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital by selling equity securities in the future
We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect
 if any
 that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock may have on the market price of our common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our common stock
 including
 but not limited to
 shares issued in connection with an acquisition or the perception that such sales or distributions could occur
Any issuance of preferred stock would make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock
Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue preferred stock and to determine the preferences
 limitations and relative rights of shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series
 without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our preferred stock may be issued with voting
 liquidation
 dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us
We will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company
 and our management will devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. We may fail to comply with the rules that apply to public companies
We will incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses as a public company
 including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and regulations regarding corporate governance practices
 such as accurately and timely filing annual and interim reports
 soliciting proxies for annual and special meetings of stockholders
 conflicts of interest policies and a code of conduct. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. Moreover
 the reporting requirements
 rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Any changes we make to comply with these obligations may not be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis
 or at all. These reporting requirements
 rules and regulations
 coupled with the increase in potential litigation exposure associated with being a public company
 could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or board committees or to serve as executive officers
 or to obtain certain types of insurance
 including directors' and officers' insurance
&nbsp; After a public offering
 we will be subject to Section 404 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules of the SEC
 which generally require our management and if we meet certain requirements
 our independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404 generally requires an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However
 for so long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act
 we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies
 including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404. Once we are no longer an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company or
 if prior to such date
 we opt to no longer take advantage of the applicable exemption
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the Company. Management
 with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014.&nbsp;Based upon this evaluation
 Management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
If we have a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting
 we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We or our independent registered public accounting firm
 if required
 may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting
 which could harm our operating results
 cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price of our stock to fall. In addition
 failure to maintain an effective system of internal control
 or any other problems with our financial systems or internal controls
The JOBS Act permits emerging growth companies like us to rely on some of the reduced disclosure requirements that are already available to smaller reporting companies
 which are companies that have a non-affiliate public float of less than $75 million. As long as we qualify as an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company
 we would be permitted to omit the auditor's attestation on internal control over financial reporting that would otherwise be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 as described above and are also exempt from the requirement to submit say-on-pay
In addition
 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this until we are no longer an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of this exemption. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. In addition
 the JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company to test the waters by communicating orally or in writing with qualified institutional buyers or other accredited investors to gauge interest in a contemplated securities offering
 even if a registration statement has not yet been filed
 and permits analysts to publish research reports about an emerging growth company that is going public even if the analyst's firm is one of the underwriters in the issuer's IPO. We have not provided any of such information to any qualified institutional buyers or other accredited investors
&nbsp; We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement
 (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion
 or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Until such time
 however
 we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
We do not own interests in any real property. We are using our president's home address as our business address. We do not pay any money to use 20 Pape Drive
 Atlantic Highlands
A complaint against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for an amount of indebtedness of $5
894. The claim was settled and a stipulation was filed with the court on May 8
 2014
 providing for payments by the Company commencing July 1
 2014
 in the aggregate amount of $6
084. Subsequently
 a judgment was entered into against the Company on September 9
 2014 for the amount of $6
084 plus costs and interest from August 28
 2014. To date
 $500 has been paid with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
Item 5. Market for Common Equity
There is currently no public market for our common stock and we have not applied for listing or quotation on any public market. We intend to seek a market maker to file an application on our behalf to have our common stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. In order for such applicable to be accepted
 we will have to satisfy certain criteria in order for our common stock to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. There can be no assurance that our common stock will ever be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or that any market for our common stock will develop. We currently have no market maker that is willing to list quotations for our common stock. There is no assurance that a trading market will develop
 or
 if developed
Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 50
000
000 shares of common stock
We have not paid any dividends since our inception and do not anticipate the payment of dividends in the foreseeable future. At present
 our policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 to develop and market our business. The payment of dividends in the future will depend upon factors including
 but not limited to
 our earnings
 capital requirements
Except as set forth below
During the period between January 3
 2011 and January 13
 2012
 we issued 3
800
000 shares of our common stock to 44 investors
 at a purchase price of $0.01 per share
 or aggregate proceeds of $38
000. These shares were issued in a series of transactions in reliance upon an exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act set forth in Section 4(2) thereof and Regulation D promulgated thereunder for transactions not involving any public offering. The Registrant believes that the exemption was available because the offer and sale of the securities did not involve a public offering and because of the limited number of recipients
 each of the purchaser's representation of sophistication in financial matters
All purchasers represented in writing that they acquired the securities for their own accounts. A legend was placed on the stock certificates stating that the securities have not been registered pursuant to the Securities Act and cannot be sold or otherwise transferred without an effective registration or an exemption therefrom
As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operation should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and information relating to our business that reflect our current views and assumptions with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties
 including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 10
 that may cause our or our industry's actual results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities laws of the United States
We aim to acquire ownership and other rights to discontinued consumer product brands
 with the ultimate goal of reviving these products and commercializing them
 based on an idea that nostalgia for such brands will be a powerful incentive to purchase among the senior population. We believe that many formerly popular brand names that were discontinued by their parent companies still resonate with the senior population and if so revived and made available in supermarkets and other retail establishments
We are a newly established company and have limited operations. For the period from November 5
 2010 (Inception) to December 31
 2015
 we have not generated any revenue and incurred net losses of $(112
173). For the year ended December 31
 2015
 we have generated net losses of $(5
475). Due to the early nature of our business
 we expect to incur losses as we expand. To date
 our cash flow requirements have been met in part by an equity financing and debt. If we are unable to successfully generate sufficient profits or otherwise obtain additional funds for our working capital needs
 we may need to cease or curtail operations. Furthermore
 there is no assurance the net proceeds from any successful financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the initial stages of our operations. For these reasons
In April 2012
 the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus
 an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and
 as a result
As of the date of this Report on Form 10-K
We have not generated any revenues since our inception on November 5
For the year ended December 31
 2015
 our operating expenses were primarily comprised of selling
 general and administrative expenses and professional fees of $5
For the year ended December 31
 2014
 our operating expenses were primarily comprised of selling
 general and administrative expenses and professional fees of $5
Our total assets as of December 31
 2015 are $17
000
Our total assets as of December 31
 2014 are $17
000
The success of our business plan is dependent
 among other things
 on our ability to identify
 acquire
 commercialize
 market and sell discontinued consumer product brands. Our business will fail if we cannot successfully implement our business plan
 or successfully market our planned products. Additionally
 if our views on the strength of nostalgia as a driver for sales of consumer products is erroneous
We are a newly established company with limited operating history. There is a limited operating history by which to evaluate the likelihood of our success or our ability to continue as a going concern. To date
 we have not generated any revenues. We will require additional funding in order to continue operations for the next 12 months. If we do complete the implementation of our business plan
 we may nevertheless not be able to generate sufficient revenues to become profitable
 and will likely need additional funding to continue operations. We may never secure any additional funding necessary to continue our operations. We are in the process of completing a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000
 and we intend to file Form S-1 shortly after this annual report on Form 10-K is filed. If we need additional funds
The report of our independent registered public accounting firm expresses concern about our ability to continue as a going concern based upon the absence of an established source of revenue
 recurring losses from operations
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
There are not and have not been any disagreements between the Company and its accountants on any matter of accounting principles
The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management
 including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers
 or persons performing similar functions
Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)
 the Company carried out an evaluation
 with the participation of the Company's management
 of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 the Company's CEO and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management
 including the Company's CEO
To mitigate the current lack of financial resources we are in the process of completing a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Our internal control system was designed to
 in general
 provide reasonable assurance to the Company's management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements
 but because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2015. The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled Internal Control &#8211; Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment
 our Chief Executive Officer has determined and concluded that
 as of December 31
 2015
A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control our financial reporting as of December 31
 2015
Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors
 who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee
There have been no significant changes to the Company's internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014 that materially affected
 or were reasonably likely to materially affect
Item 10. Directors
Our present executive officers and directors
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President
 has had a long and varied career in marketing and advertising of food and personal products
 starting as a sales representative in 1953 for Proctor &amp; Gamble selling case foods to supermarket chains. He has held positions since then at the Drug Research Corporation selling drug products to wholesalers and chain drug stores in 11 western states
 from 1957 to 1959; Young &amp; Rubicam Advertising Agency as an account manager of personal products and baby products for Johnson &amp; Johnson
 from 1960 to 1969; and with consumer magazines in advertising sales management positions including The New York Times Magazine
 Ladies' Home Journal and McCall's
 selling major corporations on advertising their brands in the publications
 from 1970 to 1997. Accounts have included General Foods
 Johnson &amp; Johnson
 Bristol Myers
 S.C. Johnson Co. and General Mills. Since stepping down from his sales management position at McCall's Magazine in 1997
 Mr. McDermitt has been active as a volunteer at Riverview Hospital in Red Bank
 is a certified public accountant and has been Chief Financial Officer of Audio Eye Communications
 Inc
 a software service company since February 2013. From December 2010 to January 2013
 Mr. O'Donnell
 was Vice President
 Finance
 of Augme Technologies
 Inc.
 a mobile marketing and technology company. Prior to that
 until November 2010
 he was the Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of Carlyle Capital Group. Prior to that
 he was the Senior Vice President of Finance &amp; Investor Relations at ACTV
 Inc. a digital media company prior to its acquisition by Liberty Media. He has provided financial and modeling expertise for many innovative projects from inception through deployment and has implemented systems and controls that lead to accurate and timely financial results. Mr. O'Donnell is a member of the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountant. Mr. O'Donnell holds a B. S. Degree in accounting from Villanova University
 and in 2003
Our Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors will consist of at least one member and that our stockholders will determine the number of directors from time to time. Each director will serve for a term which will expire upon the next annual meeting of stockholders. Each director will hold office until such time as the director's successor
 if any
 has been elected and qualified
 or until the earlier of his resignation
 removal from office
As of the date hereof
 the Company has no significant employees other than our executive officers
There are no family relationships among directors
 executive officers
A complaint against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for an amount of indebtedness of $5
894. The claim was settled and a stipulation was filed with the court on May 8
 2014
 providing for payments by the Company commencing July 1
 2014
 in the aggregate amount of $6
084. Subsequently
 a judgment was entered into against the Company on September 9
 2014 for the amount of $6
084 plus costs and interest from August 28
 2014. To date
 $500 has been paid with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
We do not have a separate audit committee
 compensation committee
 nominating committee
We have not paid our officers since our inception
 nor do we owe
 any compensation to our officers. We have not entered into any arrangements or employment agreements with either of William McDermitt or Edward O'Donnell pursuant to which either of them will be compensated now
 or in the future for any services provided to us as an executive officer
There are currently no employment or other contracts or arrangements with our officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements
 including
 but not limited to
 payments to be made by us
 with respect to our officers and sole director that would result from the resignation
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our capital stock as of October 21
In accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC
 beneficial ownership includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. We have a convertible note in the principal amount of $50
000 outstanding
 the principal and interest of which can be converted into shares of common stock at a purchase price of $0.10 per share. To our knowledge
 except pursuant to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock. The address for each stockholder listed below is c/o Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 20 Pape Drive
 Atlantic Highlands
William P. McDermitt
500
Edward O'Donnell
100
600
We have not entered into any other transaction
 nor are there any proposed transactions
 in which our executive officers and our sole director
 or any significant stockholder
 or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors
 officers or persons controlling the registrant
 the registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
Wei
Audit Fees represent the aggregate fees for professional services for the audit of our annual and quarterly financial statements
 and S-1 review. For the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 we accrued $4
400
 and $4
900
For the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 we paid&nbsp;$0
For the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 we paid&nbsp;$0
Item 15. Exhibits
1. Financial Statements: Balance Sheet
 Statement of Operations
 Statement of Stockholder's Equity
 Statement of Cash Flows
In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act
 the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
Dated: April 14
In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
April 14
April 14
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
ENDED DECEMBER 31
Nostalgia Family Brands
We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. (the Company)
 as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders' (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2015
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 7
/s/ Wei
 Wei &amp; Co
April 14
Flushing
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
December 31
17
17
17
17
42
37
42
37
50
50
Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
3
3
34
34
(113
(108
(75
(70
17
17
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
Year Ended December 31
Selling
(1
(4
(5
(5
(5
(5
(5
(Loss) per common share
Weighted average shares outstanding
3
800
3
800
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
Balance-January 1
3
800
3
34
(102
(64
(5
(5
Balance-December 31
3
800
3
34
(108
(70
(5
(5
Balance-December 31
3
800
3
34
(113
(75
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
Year Ended December 31
(5
(5
1
5
4
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
Year Ended December 31
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. (the Company) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site nostalgiafamilybrands.com. The Company's business model consists of plans to manufacture products that had been popular in the 1950's and 1960's and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
The Company has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
In June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. This ASU removed the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminated the inception to date and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements on January 1
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
All sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
Convertible debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial conversion feature (BCF) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
The Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2015
 the Company had approximately $113
The Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 2013 and 2012. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2015
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $3
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
FASB ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
FASB ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
The Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
The Company computes net earnings (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (ASC 260) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (SAB 98). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
The Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees. Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2015 represent a prepayment of $17
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered in the future. CUBBO
The Company sold 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company's Chief Executive Officer
 and 100
On December 14
 2012
 the Company issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing on June 30
 2017. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender's sole option
NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
The Company's financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent to such an entity
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
While the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
A claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
 the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
The Company's management has performed subsequent events procedures through April 14
 2016
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statement.








NOSTALGIA FAMILY BRANDS
I
 Edward O'Donnell
 the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Nostalgia Family Brands
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The small business owner's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Dated: April 14
 2016








In connection with the Annual Report of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K
 for the period ended December 31
 2015
&nbsp;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
 William P. McDermitt
 Chief Executive Officer and President of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: April 14
 2016








In connection with the Annual Report of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K
 for the period ended December 31
 2015
&nbsp;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
 Edward O'Donnell
 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Nostalgia Family Brands
 Inc.
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: April 14
 2016


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        



      


      




          


          





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

    






    

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its&#13;plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &amp;#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&amp;#148;.&#13;The Company&amp;#146;s business model consists of plans to manufacture products that had been popular in the 1950&amp;#146;s and 1960&amp;#146;s&#13;and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene&#13;products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal

 or that such funds
 if available


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#34;ASC&amp;#34;) issued&#13;Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#34;ASU&amp;#34;) 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial&#13;Reporting Requirements. This ASU removed the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminated the &amp;#34;inception to date&amp;#34;&#13;and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements&#13;on January 1

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred

 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#34;BCF&amp;#34;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features

 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2015
 the Company&#13;had approximately $113

 2015
 2014
&#13;2013 and 2012. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2015
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware&#13;franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $3

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2015 and 2014

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#34;ASC 260&amp;#34;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#34;SAB 98&amp;#34;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net earnings&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases&lt;/i&gt;. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&amp;#34;ROU&amp;#34;) model&#13;that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than&#13;12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition&#13;in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases&#13;existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements&amp;#151;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):Disclosure&#13;of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-15 provides guidance in GAAP about management's&#13;responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to&#13;provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote&#13;disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#34;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#34;&lt;/i&gt;
 which supersedes the revenue recognition&#13;requirements in ASC 605
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#34;Revenue Recognition&amp;#34;&lt;/i&gt;. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity&#13;should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure&#13;about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant&#13;judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is&#13;effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016


 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.&#13;Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2015 represent a prepayment of $17
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered&#13;in the future. CUBBO


800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company's Chief Executive&#13;Officer
 and 100


 2012
 the Company issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing on&#13;June 30
 2017. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The&#13;holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender's&#13;sole option


 which contemplates the realization of assets and&#13;the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks and&#13;uncertainties inherent to such an entity
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any&#13;revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues



 2016


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#34;ASC&amp;#34;) issued&#13;Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#34;ASU&amp;#34;) 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial&#13;Reporting Requirements. This ASU removed the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminated the &amp;#34;inception to date&amp;#34;&#13;and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements&#13;on January 1

    

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement&#13;exists
 delivery has occurred


 &lt;i&gt;Debt &amp;#150; Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt;. The Company records a beneficial&#13;conversion feature (&amp;#34;BCF&amp;#34;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable&#13;rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction&#13;to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features


 and
 therefore

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which requires the recognition of deferred&#13;income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible&#13;when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available&#13;to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred&#13;tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2015
 the Company&#13;had approximately $113

 2015
 2014
&#13;2013 and 2012. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2015
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware&#13;franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $3


 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation&#13;techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable&#13;inputs). In accordance with ASC 820

 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure&#13;fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy

 2015 and 2014

    

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#34;ASC 260&amp;#34;)&#13;and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#34;SAB 98&amp;#34;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net earnings&#13;(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents&#13;from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for&#13;approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which&#13;is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by&#13;CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
&#13;the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension&#13;which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800



      


      


      


      


      


















      


      


      






      


      


      










      


      








      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      




      

      




      

      




      




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
Apr. 14
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015













 Inc.



























  2015





























































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



800
000




































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


















000


000





000


000












740


265





740


265





000


000










Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 3
800
000 shares issued and outstanding

800


800





200


200





740)


265)





740)


265)





000


000







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.


















































































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 authorized shares

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued shares

800
000


800
000



Common stock
 outstanding shares

800
000


800
000





























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014























Selling
 general and administrative

075)







400)


400)





475)


875)





475)


875)



(Loss) per common share
 basic and diluted (Note 2)






Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted

800
000


800
000
































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.
























































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2013

800


200


390)


390)



Beginning
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2013

800
000















875)


875)



Ending
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2014

800


200


265)


265)



Ending
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2014

800
000















475)


475)



Ending
 Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

800


200


740)


740)



Ending
 balance shares at Dec. 31
 2015

800
000













The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











475)


875)





















000





475


875

















Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year






Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year




























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Organization
and Business Nature

Nostalgia
Family Brands
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a Delaware Corporation organized on November 5
 2010 and began developing its
plan of operations during the first quarter 2011. The Company aims to develop the web site &#147;nostalgiafamilybrands.com&#148;.
The Company&#146;s business model consists of plans to manufacture products that had been popular in the 1950&#146;s and 1960&#146;s
and perhaps other decades
 but have been discontinued. The specific product categories include candy
 food and personal hygiene
products. Examples of the proposed products include: Bit-O-Licorice
 Hollywood Candy Bars
 Hydrox Cookies
 Puffa Puffa Rice Cereal
Chipso Laundry Soap and Stopette Deodorant. These items represent some of the products that the older generations enjoyed that
the Company intends to target to make available once again at retail supermarkets and drug stores.

The
Company has not generated any revenues from operations and can give no assurance of any future revenues. The Company will require
substantial additional funding to initiate and develop its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to
the Company.



































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Basis
of Accounting and Presentation 

The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of American (&#34;GAAP&#34;).

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#34;FASB&#34;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#34;ASC&#34;) issued
Accounting Standards Update (&#34;ASU&#34;) 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial
Reporting Requirements. This ASU removed the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminated the &#34;inception to date&#34;
and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements
on January 1
 2014.&#160;

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company intends to generate its revenue from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

Convertible
Debt

Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#34;BCF&#34;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.&#160;

Income
Taxes

The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2015
 the Company
had approximately $113
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2035.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
2013 and 2012. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2015
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware
franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $3
668 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements
of operations.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the carrying values of these financial instruments
approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The
carrying amount approximated fair value.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&#160;

Earnings
(Loss) per Share

The
Company computes net earnings (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#34;ASC 260&#34;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#34;SAB 98&#34;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net earnings
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company's common stock
equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015








In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&#34;ROU&#34;) model
that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than
12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition
in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases
existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with
certain practical expedients available. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on
our financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15

of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to
provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so
 the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote
disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual
periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have
a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

In May 2014
the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements in ASC 605
. The core principle of this updated guidance is that an entity
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new rule also requires additional disclosure
about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts
 including significant
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This guidance is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period.
Companies are permitted to adopt this new rule following either a full or modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not
permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for reporting accounting changes
 excludes error corrections information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The
Company entered into a management consulting relationship with CUBBO
 Inc.
 which required the prepayment of $30
000 in fees.
Prepaid expenses at December 31
 2015 represent a prepayment of $17
000 with CUBBO
 Inc. for consulting services to be rendered
in the future. CUBBO
 Inc. performs various management functions with the ability to sign checks.



































Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The
Company sold 3
800
000 shares of common stock to 44 investors. Among them
 500
000 shares were sold to the Company's Chief Executive
Officer
 and 100
000 shares were sold to the Company's Chief Financial Officer. All shares were sold at $0.01 per share.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







On December
14
 2012
 the Company issued a non-interest bearing convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000
 maturing on
June 30
 2017. In the event of default
 interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount at a rate of 8% per annum. The
holder of the note is entitled to convert all or a portion of the convertible note plus accrued interest
 if any
 at the lender's
sole option
 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The
Company's financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is subject to the substantial business risks and
uncertainties inherent to such an entity
 including the potential risk of business failure. The Company has not generated any
revenues since inception. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues
 the Company continues
to be reliant upon its stockholders to support its daily operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern.

Management
is hoping to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities.

While
the Company believes in its ability to raise additional funds and the viability of its strategy
 there can be no assurances that
they will be successful. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support
from its stockholders and its ability to obtain the necessary equity or debt financing and eventually attain profitable operations.

The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







A
claim against the Company was served on January 17
 2014 by Vintage Filings PR Newswire in the Superior Court of New Jersey for
approximately $5
900 related to services rendered in 2012. The claim was settled in April 2014 for $6
083
 including fees
 which
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. In September 2014
 $500.00 was paid by
CUBBO
 Inc. with respect to the judgment. The plaintiff initially agreed to defer taking action to enforce the judgment; however
the time frame which the plaintiff initially agreed upon has expired. The Company is in the process of negotiating an extension
which the Company believes shall be sufficient time to complete a registration statement on Form S-1 to raise $350
000.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The Company's
management has performed subsequent events procedures through April 14
 2016
 which is the date the financial statements were available
to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statement.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The
accompany financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of American (&#34;GAAP&#34;).

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#34;FASB&#34;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#34;ASC&#34;) issued
Accounting Standards Update (&#34;ASU&#34;) 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial
Reporting Requirements. This ASU removed the development stage disclosure distinction and eliminated the &#34;inception to date&#34;
and other related disclosures. The Company
 in accordance with ASU 2014-10
 early adopted ASU 2014-10 in its financial statements
on January 1
 2014.&#160;




The
Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash
to be cash equivalents.




The
Company intends to generate its revenue from the sale of products to traditional retail outlets.

All
sources of revenue will be recorded pursuant to FASB ASC 605
 
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.




Convertible
debt is accounted for under FASB ASC 470
. The Company records a beneficial
conversion feature (&#34;BCF&#34;) related to the issuance of convertible debt that has conversion features at fixed or adjustable
rates that are in-the-money when issued. The BCF for the convertible instruments
 if any
 is recognized and measured as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument equal to the relative fair value of the conversion features
 which is credited
to additional paid-in-capital.




The
Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 
 which requires the recognition of deferred
income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible
when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available
to offset future taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company has established full valuation allowances against its deferred
tax assets
 principally for operating losses
 due to the uncertainty in realizing their benefits. At December 31
 2015
 the Company
had approximately $113
000 of unused operating losses expiring through 2035.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10-25. The provisions prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute
for the recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns and require that uncertain
tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions.

The
Company is in the process of preparing and filing its federal income tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
2013 and 2012. For the period from November 5
 2010 (inception) to December 31
 2015
 the Company recorded its State of Delaware
franchise tax
 filing fee
 penalties
 and interest of $3
668 as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements
of operations.




FASB
ASC 820
 
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:

Level
1 Inputs &#150; Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs &#150; Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.

Level
3 Inputs &#150; Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.

FASB
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-derivative
financial instruments include cash and payables. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the carrying values of these financial instruments
approximated their fair values due to their short term nature. The convertible promissory note payable is recorded at cost. The
carrying amount approximated fair value.




The preparation
of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&#160;




The
Company computes net earnings (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 (&#34;ASC 260&#34;)
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#34;SAB 98&#34;). Under the provisions of ASC 260 and SAB 98
 basic net earnings
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing the amount available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share includes the effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
from the assumed exercise of options
 warrants
 convertible preferred stock and convertible notes. The Company's common stock
equivalents were excluded in the computation of diluted net (loss) per share since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred to obtain or issue debt
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing deferred financing costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt on the balance sheet.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











740)


265)














668































































Amount of expense for administrative services provided to the limited liability company (LLC) or limited partnership (LP) by the managing member or general partner
 affiliate of managing member or general partner
 or affiliate of LLC or LP
 for example
 but not limited to
 salaries
 rent
 or overhead costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











000


000



































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( -:2CDBO2Y&W?@$  /L-   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
U7RV[,!#\%91K18QI2Q\+J77%JG] 3?9$ N_9)L ?U\[0-5&*8*6

0Z6\F0DOI #5<!3WIS9OT+DZ$$V0A2 [LG32-.+D/HC 66NQ+ 2Y$ZOQ7@
MVOAWR(%Y!@5;7\6\7[O4@NBCG$E-WNJYTVHXL*W21)0=Q)#
_&8
BYCTXQ:
M_





M@#OC/)3


MC^AY%.!)T:'B1?4C9@

M   ( -:2CD@_48L;+0$  %




$_UEOFJ:O\&JJUQ&U_T,AOQ8(&0=E<5#& MK&05L6TX.VK&



O87!P+GAM;+U546^;
!#^

G'1]]
!IK!*#;#=J^^MW0).1EDC1'I:G\_G[

'MNM);;N&H
M']UJO9:YF%7Y\U8HZUZ/1M]=\6*%*D3QM3X4=;Q)T\6OZU+FW

=66J
MM47X)1?EQ/T(:!E0.1/YLY;VU1MUF'ZJQ60Y+T4 O;PU+XWH4'^3+2:HMC57
MKVYWBJ1Z
#6<@@)TEQXH<SA'\EF&0G@<T
MCNF[UA


BR.=. 7'+D[ A
W4!
ZDJ*4GC@

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M

6QE<RYX;6S-
M5MMJW# 0_16A+26!LK:WQ6-;2B!A4(;MF'O 79EFV!+JXL;[WY^NKBZ\*2
M;7K+OFAT-'/FS%@[=M2H \7W%<8*=(SR)H:54O5'SVNRC/4K$6-N3XIA&1(

 V

QWG6_I1)EFD


MH91@VL@)*@5'U% .$;VA:3-
Z;VYS@_%@KLK@/
QS]B'P*@83-V(WIRN@6VJ
M-V=SW#/:ZQ?1@JX8^74TJFMZ^$1)R1EV6AVT%?WN.?K@!'T2H8$55$*2)^UO

M1(.$D4#72T-


$<!C$ YJ2*9IEH0_APC40J#6EZ @'9*'4?*(4VDC0ON<

M9 PU)-

MR7&S7DI_S:#YA

R#


M4'T@%3D*%0++QXWL2%6I2)+\88-^
XL':OQIGF6CGYUY$R%K<QN0-:#!




A-L2GNW$1ZBM7
6+PP
M=%-


JB.Q \!)[H)#7H*%2D;-0
MQ526F;D8F(J@;7_/&2Y;^7]02P
$%     @ UI*.2+6/J
=U @  O0D  !@

'9#JO3T22/..L=T1'

M1@C_%@(F7WSPX_O^X-8?@C\ OQ$1)-M1$BQ+BG\DBQ2AD2($?WB[1*LE5





!B%7\7B
<JHT883!?6B$YU68H3UB-$FCC3)SAA) <]H/

MT.ZCQWA7%U;A!#]ZF-1-'UGV@QO=OMV4?$(@#H[8)U#07J($Q&V06_C5G
M_EW2&F_[U_0OKEI#?Z *:L%^]HWN#R)4 
M/3/](J:O





M5T5Z?C-'GY'Z:M:_#BL'4\QD)KLA0J!Y7 A!:EK%4EF_F.7G
JX^U\B/Y-
MEROQ=YB3@M:_JX
H):WGH 
YXG
M7FC_G9@:8A5P3VNN_]'^S 5M!HN#&OP&

(KX9(5PIDNJZO6. \8[1'O
/JMOV5E#
5

D\KQI56%4\:UJ
ON2
M)];S-S1&
R


GCLW+9X^+TB#;TL_=_'GBM3Q67!X*R$;=




MZZ=]_']1_@%02P


M5^+O
&0@R4:228J5<4=70+%Z[H^,643@CV:RB(Q9/&PG2)#K
M+OAGQ$:.&#CBF9,%R9.#!5&PZ%S71I(UD*QG=F3]_%Q'DDD*Y!HQ]/0UC=T9
MCDXSS+63)
@
PF4E1C-D: %)/--(EG)H'Z$QM+5$_B+2 9::9)S(4,026+
MET0PES($)2@.YG()%N0RTDR3F L9@AH4SU4RM*4C35 XMS==A5A9_T*X-:!
M7FH!5]$P.[PT7CUU6_XWOU




*Y0V?DDU
EQX5ETO0L+KK9PC5@;8-3'0;NE]OMFM@R(*7@1
]F1.0NU[


M_-\_
SZ4$YHWVP

(F&-8H

Y OP%T$6$H4R_S%':]*@Q.Q P]G

  !D   !X


@W/(Y[_C\O\64J<!GQS?IG?G7)KQ*_
M2@VNKS68)/M)LODO!3O;3P6FC=?&D@H'[=)VSJOSS;S/XWE\R\NBYRW\X:85



M.' _[.$1I Q&/O'GP?



7%0*LR



M_AE'
81QCG_R=

M

 WY_
M]SU?7/)%Y(NEP_Q:AU%S6#7%?TG8V98JT%VX.8;4. TV[NBVNEW.ARP




!&7\7R ^ T;0%5:23*K$7*R$NX-I-)HF%

MT/Y/@T9QYT/3

MWM



P

M]H

M4!

_F)-1^0'P+P5.SHUDH 234+CAP/QSA :0
1C[Q
MO]GS



MYB34?D)\\&/]DS4 )(:%QPX'XXPS-(&8Q\XC^+YT?* %[.5_=OL5M?_8E;


38N

;1.V?U_?8).5
M!7G!]G N


=I'L<D!*)3*




!F

!3^*Q;O



M6P.75L0H(].

M_):4KWI8K\7$0DSO'9EUA8H=YFC?(\I9A2P8;!*LQHB#




P

M5Z

MD(%NA6^R95

MFI]'!N)Q?%#_%[OU[M?

MUFEYH& DV5M:N8KKF'86Y40[3\@G0CX3LL6/A&(B%%\()#F+??UECM65T2.R
M PN7G2T]W 01KXQ\
];/*6J:.*FZVM=9459D'X1.
'G$W9,_CVB28BSA#B
M#9QUD9^Z2




M9W

2
M






MTY4


+J-KXRTU*

M'PI7QC[8U
+Y;)4%


1:U%9N%THA

5
KDMPP?WK=OQY^&H[!D\FYF%P.K_K7H\EXB^L@)ZW(

6[;;+;/Q/_X 8QB-J[;P
M?%KQ(1ME68UT6TS]DDQ]%+ /FCJ9\9X6[G?

?EYB]ER

MPW*N? PP:/





OAC'-VJU0P1Y9CMO

[!
M0KS

MCC-8^K&.Q(7
0@\9Q322
1.+D!VK%









:AL*
50IG''/ JIVH^M8(?
':59<YO2.:#F1X0TJF=:W-\5!%N8-



]7 ?%UA\W*(U(T6H5_878N;S]TP


*=\O]U24722$I.








M]
/ 8L(CY!;9@CVLI=KRAA((JV!H2@PJ7]] F/ 9C.O

H)Y#&](5PU9AQ6R

)L!

0[NJ'$ULTCY\!B$G$STXP;EE=?F)%4NQE=]

C7ICS&9(_?@/Y^4TX[
MNRVGV/_#L&EF53 U\9NY=9?J 6N1(S8F-;]G9VRMBM!4Q:@JH(HU( \A-HNF


PY5)PCZ

H2-'NXLWC3Y[C$%-,?6M1/LLWUY@ X-D :ZJ+<RB=09A-<DI


MG1:&GQ7*;8R&C.A,*%4(BG+8Z:XVJWM ,.D%R$-EP[WD-6\YCPS91\KNC5T
M2L!N$OE?M6-(N1@\NG3Q#YOKX\A_=PV7)66IM2ST?CSK5LFB!:7KZT)9HH
MH:

?9^*VJJJ:V]HVHO;VNQD#T*QC  0$
L^P:(P%A@0J5=E9A4YN!W;E-:

9Y

ML^)ULW


M_X49+L
P6QG
8[J9\CAL[DY.#QE8+EO2Z7!6%VL%$*K


V/.5V0B
R:
J.ZH$46VB?@-G8ZN4:N.\\;

G4Z?

\2/D*JBYX6D6I: 9)X=




M8 0UG/+ AN\S@(Q]4=$3P:2:^!

]P]*M_GL


M=SW-5BMR0).YF%:JSY5&B'QI\4MK\XG8WGSRJ&^R/#6H/#6H_%D:5#;V :\W
MK&RKF?R_ZU_9\#63:M5OVWW^7-TMV[YG1ITJ6\;_UWI?6KKJBQZ2;9Q_ZHQY
MZHQYZHSY
W?&-+ZH7+:];&J4:2QYZIMYZIMYZIMYZIMYZIOY'^N;:50'C92+


]!?R#.W%:RT-GG&_1]S$3 V*V?*W]N+?U'SAJJQPUMM_\SQ;0Q96M?[;\






M% 




J&;(5: @  :P@  !@




M% 



3$N

  !D              ( !


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #6DHY(

4     #6DHY(E'JP7 0  ![!@
M&0              @ &G



[FUWGU^U/F[A.A2F/0R2=DA#LR &ML7
QN'1AXD^E$FKE]Z




MLU# ;F0YLJ$?JN6XD:IW


4_



CF -FXP]ZH^!8ZV8/S349!)LW *2WG4Z
9S 'P?
M%\P3J3
XC]F]Q;X?




@[DJ@*4



M[








M48O4^C;J]=4.+YGZ#B!=NC_W ^FO4@U'\+Q_)K-@*#\4R%-.8NKJ:5&WWNI5

M1 W3 X%TIN++C;\




+GXO



KE!N!%^ @'VO8B#$
E'3#(=%2$TR$? TD8!KE^F8J(G11)D

\?J0

C.5
1C
MLBO:%.\N BRH2HO'5<;B88+O5JT'?A O%%Y^Z3]7H4P82A;XN\Z22[/<9Y#



 =L

M):;!D%

**M%KE+#RR)3<XS Q(W@#$!CDR9M98#P(%U&9Y]Z9D15GK&&

K

MR.R5Y8%;RH^W7K-]J%)






ME8E
4NZ)-T==DFC-HW







M*?1.O\7K;3)/.


9X;L[=-7\RE

-L9\T-*:U^W.L7B-4K34.V'O9

4;@.-($F^4&<&,UBL/KTQ SG06.V2) L+;
M=RM(L.AA5< ):&\L@I$BG3Q'UQL/X?UAAPMML
.@%W:J\J+Y+
['Z2X@*
X




E-M%


M%!NG9.\)9D


@_='%Y?RB##\$PT




CLK-1/



MQ1F1%VH


:_$(*9M$BXQ
1^11VA0?=-J. )PSLHHP
MO95JLQ=;X24^FQ%G/'









 V=H[ZGRA.6R^?09


MCE.8DL(V=


M%.^X1LYDDKA[#0X&:T JN

B&4-!:MSP)QH
M=[8

8
MG=_Y+:@BKC5C\AT-V
QX'7D
JOXRV:#(8E-,:FJ
MUCF0VND0LJNR<XH& YF]LP%S/$*K(5HD<SKAT5ZJ1$_C9M97;E6&T!&FL

4OQ71L++&\F)I5^LO
MK*773VBN;1A7UR168^?+0^*8GB1Q*@\!4@ED%ZR



V
M^+C\&Z<?0);] RRP82UG=9^AU%M@2D9CJ?7LX7H--E)X!VI_N.6V*WW)9LK

MJC*RX$11*J'O7+F[T?=^S
R.XJS(K#-[_\^$%BBEC*NH'#[YTG2E^7XN!4G6


MK166(N+JEAJ*BG.7/^W

D4N![\TEE71&*6.6I;/MTVFLBT86;-Q@)]#


A'US94(HAOFJ1$[Q+4R^EA@\
MPY]20)KABGCU[SF4)1C=Z'7^YTQOQNF;)!'!UL/2*=L*$TQKGEO:D ER!YX
M$&#IU?KW&M!]$@4X189 NM7GI65' A7F 
;]):,9?2Q&8I6?@%?RQ)70#
M(@;


SA?AV



6GM

9+
M \V7!IHO#31?&FCX\WKRY^9+ ]WF2P,-+31?&OB^OC10Z5N+E*EII0LKJ%,!
M=:]^^J-T=C95Y)LJ\@V;;ZK(-SC35)%O<**I(M\@S+I(8DT5^::*?$-K317Y
MIHK\#:K(5QK_RIK\M G@BY$G<5D?7WCW+WBW\XB\M %P

MK?@WX_(#%P 7\XI_N\HI]U0 O$+V.LY.8[2K3_Q19E2=^)&9LF:C.9LRSTV9
MYZ;

!6F_?N
MH+WN-O9N#^S'3
?2&(JY.Y)W@V&]7J=3P34]PTT@N#9^K01!)-4!5X



M#




#$U
3(S






_

?IP/R

M2]_%UNB^(3X@U/TPZE_./M_.%OCK7$:A


;IGYJYO!8Z!.$IDN1



Q)3 CPF%2V-E(?Z:F:[GX^B.8H*6Z
MM#5E5T91S9KR6.# I3\GSU..!:A)A+I0D EFD!U/@K].#Q
9F5*J4A6D%/_


MNCH\YY7A:=^WG#O+TVP'*MSV;_=NMV


MW2.9+=]G

MH'.




M$-ZV!LZ1W =(P5*&ZINXV@XK%E93?%:D^ '2\G#83;Z*:DEZ9-F+1P)_B\$W

*(%U.Z)R




8F^
M4O42:[9O?+S<G$37^S9X[++/CUE7=))!557N51=Q;SXD\:\S)#GK

H(1%@YF*/


)@?YO'%7VO53T=/ X#<P@$\J%=K[WZMMZHG\%4[Z=6KC=-JX_CL'\59
M AQ

M\OFV;3LC

6&!QER=!3282=/YXQ Y2!.R
M'OED(!U^P0A@U$YK]3F(-RH



MSB#*!=]XC/V9-;#ID%'(8QC*M+7PMU/T?!G+O43_%@DP]82)?5F#/*@M-G4V






M3#LQ*7K=9PN6\

MV6I/YID

U)5]

&YH





M4$L#!!0    ( -:2CD@3+J-1UP8  ($Q   :    ;F]S=&%L9VEA+3(P
34Q
M
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6S56E%SVC@0?K^9^P\^.C?7/CC&).DUM+F. T[B.; IAEQ[

D62Y@

Z/'%;
G
WF@8/7MDP&_GD3@F[5

2^(_
M)--Z5!HGP!CYQ'L8!9#M(IM\14@J0.S<QS34J*O3D(0/@N7 CY#-Y'I:8#'
M8FZL# $


M

5E+]VSA$Q.

M^B0'MK(0X\)W8@37@31
8Y)3XNB0/*:01KB89S[LDM@A\*CB;@::#-




M7..6-;_I

D%1E\





M:;%S$GFA.PH.4UWWMB2?WCM1\H0*E/V-5V$9TG!RD/BRIW'94W+8&=_[F3_3


X_Z3'/NF=G6?A^R_9
MQU\&X683!HLD=+Y^(IL5*0[:_C^2&%W6E?-//I1+AU'3DO],XM3)Z1/KVW2
M\],SG;JOHWC/'QV@D*%T1=_5927GDEZ2(GPBEE$8MX\Z70AR^K;SEZF;.-3
M2];


[ZKNNQ!BOVY]ASQ\$ ;SWZ




?@9W'EF/'HBS2[Q[
M


G%9CZ]CH*JQ#DUFC^0DJ'(#%I6O'\ES'6/
MRP@'
7988R_^\%C^1M$Y[%* V596UXI56UZZWM;A/%ARG=;
#'&[9^I
MH:U




9GUD4=:G9F;[N0IEU I&H$@0*9
BD1K3)H3+5Q?9
MH*-/A;A



M.7H;1O(1D)J567:$$JO(5$P D2+2)1GYX*8HM[487O9K(!=WF)Z2V2[A[[10





XPK3




9M:IP@EMZ7GR
MXCB
'E' (E4>S'C
M2.OM#2&IY5WG9U

M-5QEU@#2GPD[!V)3


F@S!]J:=?=*;;3T33PQ)T,ND2
MV.KF$&3:%3#M1\)R88_@$+&WY'7!BRWM@I75;(2K-04+E05?6J@LM$ST##)

PR+0IK#-4V!=+
MN8#






MY
<[E@(&XH.E[


Q:WM93&4-'320ZH


)$I*N-


!8AM]/KYS01*6

M;8$X6^_ LEEF\\W]P)TE=R1*MU =%OW5-AJ?7JQ)9I_K))3)?FJ98/A_IHK4
M[Y(W)VA^/9KWQT
T^GT^FBZ@1-[F.Q.LD:N/?@=_N]LPM%1+_;:+Q!D
M5T5


-(=DE72)P1)KLZ%5*;D:
86F8)!2ZZL#] 
#:/IY

:*R;?:*-@=GU'V@Z6XY@\+38K=C;20GMM@_#W2KIK\)=\C%D31UV
M9:.@-=9U*


MOFA&_KXC03*Z9\./.L%+8F\Z5BEEUT.3T-@Z3[H*ZSB].T&+FP^+T=]N:(\9

?[;%-EUGDX&N6X7*44_/TSJM!\EM[J)%
MG=ERD!*A;%W3G*IDJT;@+ J1+!G5XE/3U_X22@TZM1S!P-E%K721'?]E!&U-
M;[87 7N;E09Z=J/HP:CA9V%[B/9J/:-D#N! 5!7J62G51RA($=&Q?2 TUH
M:7HT3@



6'HZ&XD

R]4VDZ NUL8SQV2
M!'M^/


ZX7)M\6&1DMY%ZX!Y!9K=G4D8AJ;9&
MP.&6QZAD:V_7
3
#U!:_O^<;
MA'/S==.KO0+R&&%VJ=,RTFEYP94L?S2AO]&/\X_HCQ6.?WDGU!+ P04


CL3MYR =1R]W]4TO=K9;\[L?GA:

M9QIR+6)C=_[^['Y

MG])X_K[1N&C UYK\G8/=+S?\V]1D2 






T;HJD\\
M)
AC#G45EDU@.



M]'G-PPC-



MDBZ#QTX




M T$:Q)T=[#*LK)-17$Y#M%
4D17:('N[;D$5H2&B8A/3\3DC0*062^5Q29
BV!+-Y73/'X \=G ]X+R 1@IF<:2

9





MD@2.5=+P_CYQ*$6ZRE.:2\OE\ @4V(U0%F+DS?K2$S 'VL-2% [R#!#@(G=
M6XN=RFG ID? ZPE:2@6LA\TI=D!NQ,/W*T3-?[PP:?



_)_
MX3LP2=B1DW]QK$1HY6U\E(5-7-J(!@7L



M4 .K
7*@SWEXU1+?U;
7V W.N_.['T+F
](A@O2R*Z_RX2EYH;-%^O5P@7
MS;F;+S]M

E?90

M5KB=2RB[(JPHO(*:4



M]AG0


HZ&:-/[6)C/'<Q3-LF:X71V(
MP-[P[]D^&:]*=K2L4TI)IYC9 %_3JK]?U(+P*



M23:D9B-J2
.1


 <OBX Y<R\'H


 VNR

MZ ^?'VE_Y (FF\.;J#F



MY1)*.\9V.&2E$M:(_+V^87





9(P  Y@4! !8

#$U
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #6
MDHY(R'KJZQ0'   =
   %@              @ %-(P  ;F]S=&%L9VEA+3(P
M
34Q
C

M        94J  !N;W-T86QG:6$M,C Q-3$R,S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( -:2CD@3+J-1UP8  ($Q   :                1DR  !N;W-T86QG
M:6$M
C Q-3$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -:2CDAKU(%Y\!
  +7\
M   :                2@Y  !N;W-T86QG:6$M,C Q-3$R,S%?;&%B+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -:2CD@\@.$3R@X  .3#   :                5!-
M  !N;W-T86QG:6$M
C Q-3$R

%7      !
end



